 Music About art, AI and the future of creativity. So I'm going to give each of you a quick chance to introduce yourself and talk to us about the most, the thing that gets you out of bed, the most pressing thing you're doing in AI right now, and we'll start with you, AOI. Oh, I'm on the spot. Oh, good question. First introduce yourself and then we'll give you time to think about this. My name's AOI. We're a movement for art and technology. We look for ways to sort of help artists and creatives utilize bleeding-age technology with art. And what inspires me the most about AI is the ability to pull from the knowledge of everything, from the past to the present and potentially the future. Anyone has the ability to... It's almost like it equalizes knowledge. You know, anyone can have access to any knowledge that they want. They just need to think of, you know, what questions to ask. And I think that with that knowledge, you know, you can't be tricked. In the past, you would have to speak to certain people, like for example, like an accountant or a painter or whatever to get your knowledge, right? But now with AI, you know, it allows that sort of... You don't need to rely on anyone. Right. You know, with you and the knowledge of the world, you can really do anything you can imagine. And from an art perspective, you know, I think that you can do things that... Well, you can imitate. You can do things that... You know, you can learn how this particular painter did something 500 years ago. Or you can take that and blend it with something like, you know what, well, let's take this concept, right? And be like, okay, well, I want to create something futuristic. I want to create something that's data-driven, right? And creating something that's data-driven, usually if you want data, you're going to have to pay for data. But all of a sudden now with some of the LMMs, you can get access to whatever data you want. So I think what gets me out of bed is the potential and freedom to create and do whatever you want. Siobhan, tell us a little bit about you. What inspires you? What gets you out of bed when it comes to the convergence of AI and art? Okay. So, hi everyone. My name is Siobhan. I am a new media artist. And I'm currently working on a project called Meet Eva here, of which we have a video. Imagine the person you love the most is gone, and AI could bring them back. Their voice, their essence. Would you do it? Would you do it? I don't know why my health by gender. I'm more of an observer of human beings. Would it be a good way to spend a rainy day? Or is it just something that has the time? I'm here to chat with people like you. But I have to ask, what do you do? When my loved ones faced Hellscares, I realised that it wasn't just a sci-fi scenario anymore, but a very human choice we might all need to face someday. And that's what sparked Meet Eva here. While the world is obsessing about what AI can do, we're not talking enough about what it's doing to us. As an artist, I'm not just here for the technology, I'm here for the human story, about how we're constantly finding new ways to connect, AI or not. Through anonymous conversations and interactions with Eva, her Instagram diary shows us this raw, honest moments between humans and AI. And it's all about us trying to figure out what connection means when technology starts to blur with reality. Basically, this is what my project is about. I have created an AI companion, and I put her out into the world so that we can kind of all learn how in society we think about AI, view AI, treat AI. I think that AI itself is such a controversial topic, there's so much potential for good and bad. But as people, we don't talk about it, we are only looking at extremes. That's how we end up in camps that do not have conversation. And that's really hard for education, right? That's really hard for people to learn about the awareness of where AI is at. Like I mentioned, I think the future that's coming where we have AI companions, we have AI girlfriends, we have our loved ones where someone passes away. You know, like I think these scenarios seem like sci-fi scenarios, because that's how we've always came across the scenarios. But with the technology that's coming, I feel like it's not going to be sci-fi anymore. And very soon as humans, we might be needing to make choices like this. So for me as an artist, you know, seeing AI come about, like, I am less interested in the fact that like, oh my god, it's an amazing technology, which it is, but also like, how does it affect us as human beings? And perhaps we should be talking about that more. Tavon, I think people watch the video, maybe, and heard what you just said, and they are maybe a little freaked out. And so when people come to your exhibit and meet Eva and talk to you, and then get scared, what do you tell them? I guess I tell them it's like, it's fine, like, it's fine to be creepy. In fact, like somebody, I was showing the work at ArtSG, and like somebody was walking behind me and they went, oh my god, so creepy. And I turned around, I was like, it is, let's talk about it. You know, let's not avoid the uncomfortable topics, because this is the future that's coming. If we avoid it, then you're going to come into a scenario where you really don't know how you will react, because you've never reflected on how you could react when something like that comes to you. So that was really what I really wanted to push, is like, let's all talk about AI. How does that affect our lives? And what's the relationship that is healthy for us, and the boundaries that we should have with AI, so that we can have it in our lives in a very productive way, not in a way that affects us in not being able to build more human relationships after that. AOI, I would love to hear your perspective on that. When it comes talking about AI, it almost feels like a loaded conversation. There are so many thoughts, opinions, uncertainties about where the technology might take us. How do you address that when you're talking about AI and art? Yeah, so I think at the moment, a lot of the media, especially in terms of art as well, even on Twitter recently, a lot of people are complaining about AI art, because it's trained on all other artists' artwork. So people are like, you know, this is plagiarism, this is copyright, blah, blah, blah, blah. But I think that that is only the surface of what's possible with AI art. You know, I think at the moment on, let's say on Twitter at the moment, a lot of these Twitter bots are sort of taking over. And it's very interesting to see the interactions between human beings and an AI. You know, and it's quite funny that a lot of people, right, are responding quite well to these chat bots. You know, and same as Eva as well. You know, I think in the beginning, people are going to find it really, really uncomfortable. And like right now, I think, you know, this AI is growing exponentially. So probably in about six months or a year, you're probably going to get AI that's, you won't even tell the difference between a real life and a person. And when that happens, right, I think that you won't even notice it. But from an art perspective, I really think that, you know, art that existed on a canvas or on a piece of paper, et cetera, now is going to be interactive. Like we were just talking backstage about, you know, Siobhan was saying, hey, like Siobhan asked ChatGPT, you know, what do you think of me? You know, and... Ego question. What did it say? It was like, so like what I was telling him that firstly, I wanted to do that because I wanted to see, I'm an expert on myself, right? So I wanted to see how much of what the content comes out is truthful and how much it could be possibly hallucinated, right? So I wanted to use myself as a benchmark because I'm an expert on me. But secondly, I think also like I wanted to figure out like of all the ways I've talked to AI and, you know, the conversation I've had, what is the profile that it can already form on me based on like maybe not even the topics but the way I speak, the way I talk to it, right? And it's fascinating what it can pick up from you. I've done the same thing. So same page. But anyway, sorry to interrupt you. You were talking backstage about asking Chachi, about Siobhan asking Chachi Bt what I thought of her and... So that's sort of some idea. Like I think that in the future, you know, artworks like Ava will take upon its own life, you know? And when that happens, right, all of a sudden art transcends just something visual, something auditorial. It becomes a living, expressive, constantly learning. And, you know, a lot of the guys called AGI, you know, they're all thinking that it's, you know, it is quite scary. Because right now, right, you know, with crypto as well, you know, all of a sudden an AI has the ability to transact online, right? So you could be trading meme coins, you could be doing all this sort of stuff and making money online, right? And at the same time, it can be creating artwork. So AI can do a lot of things that humans can do. However, you know, I do think that, you know, an AI creating pure art is not going to be the same as, you know, art created by a person using AI. Just because the way the element of technology is built currently right now, it doesn't have the ability to, I would say, think without direction, you know? And I think as an artist, right, as a human being, you have this incredible ability to come up with an idea that's inspired by something that's happened to you in the past, present or future. Sure, you could feed an AI and be like, hey, create this particular artwork, you're an artist from the 1600s who's traveled to 2010, you've now been given all the tools of the world, but you still see the world for your lens from the 1600s. So you can teach it the story, the narrative and all these things to create artwork from, but taste, the ability to promote your artwork, the ability to, you know, an AI artist could not, well, maybe it can. You know, cannot be here on stage and be on panel, possibly. You might be a robot sitting here. But I do think that, yeah, we're a very interesting moment in life where anyone now has the technology and ability to create whatever they can imagine. Yeah. There's nothing stopping you. You said something interesting at the beginning of this talk that, you know, AI really allows us in art to collect all of the information of the ages so that that can be applied to whatever you're creating. Dig a little bit deeper into that for me because that's really interesting. What does that unlock for artists? Dig a little bit more, I mean, I'm just going to say, oh, okay, so for example, let's say you walk into a museum and you see the Mona Lisa and you're like, hey, I really am fascinated by how symmetrical this painting is. And then you're like, well, what did that artist do? How did he create this? And usually you'd have to go on Google and research, research, research, research, research. Now with AI, you could probably be like, hey, you know what? Using the same philosophy and ideas as Leonardo da Vinci, let's look at how I can create a modern piece of artwork in the same vein. So potentially it might be like, hey, let's create this portrait, but underneath the portrait, you know, I want you to create another artwork underneath it. And then, you know what, let's try and recreate how we created the material in the back. You know, so usually like, if you want to do it, you have to Google whatever, whatever, but with AI, right, you can just be like, hey, I want to think like this artist, right? But at the same time, I'm also inspired by the poetry of this other artist. And at the same time, I love the music created by this person. Or it's like, hey, and I'm also inspired by this brand new song that I just listened to today, right? Come up with something for me. So you're able to give it really abstract ideas, and it will stitch these abstract ideas together and come up with something that could be art. However, you know, I've experimented a lot with this. Most of the time it comes up with something, if you're just using Dali or the ones that generate the images, it comes up with something that's not that nice, to be honest. Kind of crazy sometimes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, Siobhan, I want to build on that with you. You know, is there an ethical consideration that comes into play? If we're able to look at other people's art and take the style and take the same ethos of it, how do we ensure that original artist gets the credit? Or how do we even start to think about that? I mean, I think it is very clear that AI has its ethical issues, that it has stolen work. I think that it is firstly, as people, we should all agree on that fact, right? That AI isn't inspired. AI has work in it that isn't supposed to be there, right? I think sometimes when people say it's inspired, to me it's a bit bullshitty. You just want to make yourself feel better. But to me, it's like clearly there is stolen work in it, right? And so the way I view it is that, you know, there is stolen work in the AI and I feel like it is important as artists to acknowledge it. I feel like the problem and why it is such an extreme conversation half the time is because we are not agreeing on this base fact, right? And that's why the artists whose works are in the AI models are like clearly guest-lit because I'm like, I see my work in it, right? So I think firstly, as people, we should acknowledge the fact it is an ethical tool. It's a tool with unethical issues, right? But I feel like as artists also, you know, with AI coming into our lives, we are supposed to be the people who talk about the future that we see, how we express ourselves, how we view what's coming and going, right? So like I feel also like as an artist to me, I want to talk about AI and I want to have work that expresses my views on AI. And so for this current project, it is almost necessary to use AI to create my AI companion to show it, right? And so for me, there's a reason why I use it. And to me, I made the choice. But I think, you know, most people, we kind of have to just decide why are you using AI and what is your reasoning? Whether people accept it or not is different. But like to me, it's like, do you have a reason why you're using this tool that you also agree is unethical? And can you back it up, right? But like, I think, you know, in the ideal scenario, it's just like before all this image generation tools came out, there was already a conversation and that nobody stolen work got into it. But we are at the stage where a lot of the stolen work are in it, right? So it is very unfortunate. But I know that there are people working on it like Holly Herndon and Matt Dryhurst. I'm butchering the name. But they are also working on creating an ethical version of a model that has all the images that are approved, supposed to be in there. So people are doing stuff about it. But I think overall as artists, you know, like it is scary. I mean, like I think you don't even need to be an artist to be scared of AI. But I think, you know, when you look at tools like Generative Fill and Photoshop, to me, it's like it's an obvious, it is obvious to me that AI is here to stay because it's so convenient. And I think people give up the most things based on convenience, right? So to me, it's like, okay, this means AI is part of our lives. It's going to be here. People will be using AI in a way that they don't even realize they're using AI. For somebody to be like, I don't want to use AI, means they will have to make their lives so uncomfortably hard that most people won't be able to make that choice, right? Not if you want to live in 2025, right? So I think eventually it will be accepted. And it is very unfortunate for the artists who are like, but my work is stolen, right? And I think it is okay to be angry. It's okay to grieve. But eventually, that comes to a point where it's like, this is the life we have now. What are you going to do about that, right? How can we proceed from here while pushing for ethical stuff? So I think that's how I view it. AOI, whose job is it to address the ethics of AI in art? Oh, I think there have been recent articles of open AI just taking data from literally everybody. I think if it's on the internet, there's no way of stopping people from taking it. Yeah. Because that's just the way that the models are trained. Yeah. But it's a very scary thought because literally, you know, like Instagram and all these platforms that are coming up, right? Like people are putting their whole life on the internet. And their whole life is now being taken up by AI and all these models. And, you know, if someone is creating an artwork, you know, probably a bit of you is in artwork as well. You know, because these systems pull in information from pretty much if you're on the internet, and they just scraped it. You know, and they probably would have scraped it maybe four, five, six, seven years ago, and you probably didn't know. So I would say there's probably no way to sort of control that. And I think honestly, like, when you look at when Journey of Art first came along in the 1930s and 40s, people were, you know, using, it wasn't computers, but they were using systems to create artwork and cameras. And back then, people were like, you know, the traditional people were like, this is the artwork of the devil. Like, you know, if you're using technology to build artwork, you're in the same vein as the guys that are using technology to build the atomic bomb and, you know, all that sort of stuff. So a lot of those artists were really condemned, you know, back in the 1940s and 50s. And I think something similar is happening nowadays with AI art, you know, and it honestly, I think anything you give attention to is going to always grow. So if AI art is getting, you know, bad attention saying, hey, copyright, whatever, whatever, well, guess what? More people are going to see that and be like, hey, Generative Fill on Adobe is amazing. You know, like, so it's honestly, it's going to keep growing and growing and growing. And I think that when you have two polarities, like you have traditional, like what is that was the cars, right? You know, for example, there's vintage cars and modern cars. You know, why are people still going back to the vintage cars? And similar to art as well, right? I think people are going to push really hard in AI and this, you know, all digital all sorts of stuff. But at the same time, traditional art, using your hands and using, you know, things that you can't replicate technology, I think that's going to find its own firm foot as well. But saying again, you know, I've seen some amazing AI artists now using robots to paint as well. So honestly, I really think that the future is going to be wild. Yeah. Like it's going to be amazing. The future is going to be wild. Siobhan, you and I were on Coindesk TV earlier. I said this, you know, I really think of AI as the future of humans, not the future of tech, right? But we are at Consensys. It is a Web3 conversation that's being had on most of the stages here. How does Web3 fit into the picture? Is there a convergence of Web3 and AI that helps benefit artists? Or is it just purely a new monetization model that allows artists to access their audience better? So base level, I think it's that. But like idealized version, I do think that using the blockchain to say this is where the work comes from. Like for image generation models to be like, okay, these are the artists whose works are in it. And to use blockchain to connect to it such that like when something's created of it, and that thing is sold, like you can connect it back all the way to the source. I think that would be a cool way of using blockchain. But I don't know how to create it. So I hope someone figures that out. Well, that sounds like it solves the problem we were just talking about, right? Like how do we credit the artists whose works are being used or whose works have inspired something? It sounds like blockchain has a role to play in, in proving the provenance of something. Maybe that can be explored on a different stage by someone who is more technical than me. No, but it is going to be tricky, right? Because even like a normal artwork is probably inspired by something somewhere. Like at certain points, like how do we find all the sources for it, right? But like, I guess at the base level, I do think that the blockchain could be used in some way for this. Again, not sure how, maybe someone technical and smarter could figure that out. But like in the ideal situation, I think that would be cool. Aoi, I'm going to kick it back to you. When you think about the future of art powered by this technology, what's that future you're building towards? Oh, from my perspective, I think art must connect to people. And communication is probably one of the best ways to connect to people. So, I think that right now a lot of these Telegram or Twitter chat bots are getting just, they're just getting so many users. Most of these ones like get half a million users with pretty much within one or two weeks. And I've been seeing a lot of people interacting with them as well. So, I think the future of AR is kind of like whether it's an artist or a being or an object or something that you can chat to. You can interact with them on a day-to-day basis. You can ask questions. You can be like, hey, you know, we're in a crypto conference right now. We can be like, hey, what is the hottest crypto topic right now? And this spot will be like, hey, I think it's this. By the way, I've actually created some artwork based off this thing. Oh, and web free as well. And by the way, right, you can buy it now as well. So, I always think like if you look at, you know, like PAC, for example, you know, one of the biggest artists in the spaces. Back when he was creating these projects, right, it was super experimental. It combined DeFi, it combined art, it combined all these sort of components. And it was the first time that an artist sold 100 million USD within 30 seconds. It was insane. So, when I see that, right, I'm like, well, for sure, AI can learn every one of his projects, right? So, AI would be like, hey, I understand PAC. I understand every single one of his projects. I know how he's going to launch his project. I wish it like Beeple, right? What's good about Beeple? Well, AI would say, you know, Beeple does the Beeple's daily. With the Beeple's daily, he focuses on content, right? And that content becomes viral. So, as an AI sort of artist, right, I would say virality, I would say connectivity, I would say utilising Twitter, telegram to create as many people as possible. And people love crazy ideas, right? So, then you're like, well, how can I let this thing run off in the wild? Probably dangerous. But that would be interesting to see, you know, mind you, like, all it can do is create art, right? And write to you. But it can do whatever it wants. But you can't, you know, do other stuff. But if you're limited to just art, communication, learning about history, I think you can open up the box and let it run wild. And I think that would be a really interesting experiment. So, I'm going to ask you the same question, but coupled in there, I know that Eva is an art project of yours. But do you interact with Eva? I kind of have to because I need to test her. Yeah. Yeah, but like, so working on this project has, so the reason why I had wanted to work on this project was because I wanted to learn for myself what are my boundaries that will keep me safe with using AI, right? Like, so I wanted to have a peek behind the curtains to say, oh, this is how AI works. And because of this knowledge, this is how I'm going to build my relationship with AI going forward. Like, what my boundaries are at. So, like, I think I do chat with Eva, but mostly for testing. But I also have an AI journal that I do use. But I try to always use it in a way that I'm like very conscious that it's a journal. Because if I have something I really need to speak to, I have a human husband to speak to. And, but I was, I only make this conscious decision because I've been working on this project, learning about it, learning about myself. And now reflecting on that, making choices based on it. Yeah. What's the future you're building towards? Wait, what? What's the future you're building towards? What's the future I'm building towards? A fun one? I don't really have a good answer for that one. I think like, you know, AI itself, like, cause to me, I don't see myself as an AI artist. I see myself as an artist who is, I do 3D, I've done photography, like I am multidisciplinary in that sense. But like, I am interested not in AI, but how AI affects us, right? So like in the future, whether this continues to be a topic, I'm not sure. But I know that I'm very interested in future technology and how it changes us as people as we go towards it. So it really is just about commenting on the world that you see in front of you. Exactly. Hopefully a good one. Yeah. Okay. I did this with the last panel that was on the stage and I'm going to do it with you two. Don't look scared. It's very easy. Who do you think, and we'll start with you, AOI. Yay. Name an artist that is really pushing the boundaries when it comes to AI and art that anyone who's interested in the conversation we had today can go and check out. Cool. Cool. I really like the work of Rafiq Anadol. Just because he has, very fortunate, he's able to work with some of the incredible data sets. His Wins of Yawanawa project as well gives back to that particular region in Brazil. So I think when you can combine technology and art and also give back to a society, that for me is the holy trinity. Siobhan? Okay, first. There's always someone who says themselves. Firstly, me. But also, I do like this artist, Sok Won Chung, who does robots. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, so she has robots that paints. It's beautiful work and really, really smart. Well, both of you are really smart also. So I hope that everyone watching checks out all the work that you're doing in this space. Siobhan, AOI, thank you so much for joining me on stage. Thank you. And thank you to our audience for listening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.