 Hello, how's everybody today? Are you excited? This is going to be an exciting panel for us. So let me just make the introductions, though these guys don't need it. We have Hong Fang from OKEx, we have Gracie Chen from BitGate, and we have Armani Ferente from Backpack. And we're going to be talking about a lot of things today. So you guys ready to get started? Yeah. Let's do it. All right. Great. So the first question is obviously about the market. So what do you guys think? Where are we in this crypto cycle? Is it still a bull market? Is it not? Is it almost over? What are your thoughts on that? I'm horrible at predicting price. First of all, that's a disclaimer. I think this market has been very interesting and unique. I personally think of it as almost something like a barbell, where on the one hand it's driven by Bitcoin ETF narrative, and on the other hand it's really meme. I think what it represents really is about community, right? Bitcoin ETF, it's community, but really with the support from the regulatory regime, giving more access to risk-averse capital, who wants to get into crypto. And then for meme, it's also about community, but it's more for the risk-seeking capital, who wants to be in crypto. So I think that's really how I see this cycle. From our perspective, at OKEx, we really look at it not from a price perspective, because we think of ourselves as infrastructure player. So we want to continue to build our product, regardless of what the price is. And I personally think that when the price is less dramatic, we actually have more time to build properly in the market. So... Well, sometimes when I joke with my friends, I call this period of time, I call it trash time. What I mean by that is basically... I'm stealing that, by the way. You see that? Bitcoin has hit 100k in December. Last few weeks, there's lots of meme coins, Libra, Trump, millennia, lots of basically meme coins coming out. And for me, because I'm working in Y3, and for our crypto industry, I see them not as enemy, but I feel they are just getting liquidity from our industry and take it out and never come back. So this week, I guess, especially after Libra and lots of scams coming out from those meme coins launch, people start to think, do we really need those celebrity meme coins to get liquidity from our industry? And when can we expect true innovations and true macroeconomics catalysts such as the Bitcoin strategic reserve in the US in some other countries, together with, you know, macro, more fiscal and monetary policies coming out? Seems that until maybe June or May this year, lots of things are still ambiguous. But similar to Hong Feng, I'm not a trader, I'm not a predictor, but I would personally think this is a little bit trash time, but trash time is not trashy. Trash time is probably the best time to be more focused on your own product, to build, to really create value for your targeted group, either, you know, retail users, institutional clients, or your partners, your community, etc. For us, that's what we do. And that's probably how we survived the last bear market, just by very much focusing on our own time. Yeah. Armani, what are your thoughts? So, you're asking this question in the context of a single cycle. I would reframe it and ask the question in the context of like, where are we in aggregate across like crypto history as a whole? And it's a lot easier to think about, you know, how to position yourself when you think in those terms, because prices go up, prices go down. It's impossible to predict exactly where you are in the cycle. And if you try to predict that, you're going to get into trouble. So where are we today? So we, you know, I came into the industry off the back of the Ethereum white paper. That was the thing that nerds signed to me. The concept of a global world computer, a trust minimized computing machine that we can have a whole new generation of developers build stuff on. For the past, you know, three, four or five years, we all have been chasing this concept of how do we make the thing go fast? How do we make the thing scale? And how do we build actual applications that can genuinely like change the world? Not just like speculation and trading back and forth and watching prices go up and down. We faced so many headwinds on that journey, everything from, you know, technical problems and a seemingly impossible task to regulatory issues, particularly in the U.S., something that hits really close home to me. I'm in the U.S. I'm an American. I've been building our company abroad. I think with the incoming new Trump administration, it's been such a sigh of relief, especially as an American, where there's so much stigma. In the U.S. in particular, it's been so hard to get the best talent into the space. This cannot be emphasized enough. All of the best talent has been going in AI, not crypto. And a big part of it has been because of the stigma. And I mean, there's a bunch of good things about meme coins, a bunch of bad things about meme coins. But just the Trump, like, you know, the Trumpian just like, you know, embrace of the industry has been such a positive inflection point for the United States and U.S. capital markets, which are the most important capital markets in the world. They're the deepest. They're the most trusted. They're the most liquid. It's where the large majority of value is in the world. And it's been mostly absent as crypto is really flourished outside of the U.S., in particular here in Asia. This is really the heart of crypto up until now. And I think, you know, we're certainly dealing with this turbulence with, you know, as you said, all the scams, whether it's Libra, the legitimate pump and dumps that happen that nobody's happy about. But we've achieved so much as a collective industry, whether it's Solana and like the amazing technology that's been built there, whether it's, you know, we had Evan from sweet that was on this stage. It's like quite a bit ago, like so much amazing engineering work has been achieved up until now. And the tides are certainly turning irrespective of where prices are today, irrespective of where we are in this market cycle. In aggregate, when you zoom out, if you want, if you want to say that things have never been more positive and more exciting and more inspirational for anybody building into the space. And so like the metric I look at is just it's very simple. I don't care what the prices are. All I care about is human capital. All I care about is what are the engineers that are just graduating university, like wanting to do for the rest of their lives? Are they going to commit to crypto? Are they going to join a, you know, a social network? Are they going to join an AI company? And we've never seen, I think, more people excited about dedicating kind of their careers to crypto since basically Trump got elected. And so I think it's an amazing time to be in the industry and it's a great time to build. I agree with you all. Like probably 18 months ago, everybody thought crypto is dead. Right. And we're still here. We're still standing. So it's it's like sort of like a positive story. Right. But you guys know traders better than anybody else with exchanges, with everything. Do you think have you seen any shifts in trader behavior? Like is there something traders are now looking at uniquely that is different from the previous cycles? Or is there something that traders are completely missing out on? From our experience, because from a customer segment perspective, we really serve a broad range of customers ranging from institutions to retail. I think on the institutional side, there is continued adoption of institutions at a wider scale, regardless of the regulatory landscape, because I think the direction is pretty clear. Bitcoin is here to stay. Crypto is here to stay. Retail side, I think there is increasing market share taken by DEX. That is a very clear trend that we see last year. Our OKEx app, which we have been really building over the last three years, is really making a point of providing that option of giving both a C5 choice and a C5. choice as well as a Web3 choice to the customer. And we see the AUM accumulated on the Web3 side really overtaking C5 side, which was a surprise to us actually by the end of the last year. But it also shows that there is a lot more traffic, a lot more asset, a lot more infrastructure being developed on the Web3 side. The other major trend that we see is, again, as we continue to build our C5 infrastructure, you know, we've got our regulated platform launched in quite a few jurisdictions over the last 12 months. You know, in Australia, in Dubai, most recently in EA. So we do see continued interest from those markets in the regulated environment. But obviously that population not only looking for trading, but also look for additional yield, additional convenience and obviously, you know, sophistication and creation within that regulated, reliable infrastructure. So I think there is a lot of interesting dynamics happening and, you know, we are pretty bullish on the long term direction of our industry. But again, I think what it means is that we have to focus on what we need to build instead of the cycle changes. Yeah. Gracie, what are your thoughts? Gracie, what are your thoughts? Yeah, similar to OKEx, we also have something called Bigger Wallet. So I would say these two exchanges are two of the most strong, the strongest exchanges who have put in lots of resources into building their DEX part of the service, not just focusing on the centralized exchanges itself. So in 2024, we also saw lots of growth on our DEX, a bigger wallet. They hit 45 million users, a lot of them coming from very so-called developing countries, for example, in Africa, in Southeast Asia, in Latin America, and lots of growth from certain ecosystem like TONG, like meme coin cycles, et cetera. So I guess that's one trend that I observed from more centralized exchange to decentralized exchange, but also like integration. Another trend that I'm seeing is from the institutional interest. For example, I've had my, I worked in Web2 industry and in traditional financial banking industry before joining Bigger in 2022. So lots of my friends from my Web2 world, it's only end of 24, like come and approach me and ask me for advice in terms of having a little bit of their current allocation, the total like financial allocation, maybe 2%, maybe 5% in cryptocurrency. What should they, what should they, what should they do? What should they look for? So, of course, I told them some of my, you know, personal financial kind of principles, like don't do too much leverage, maybe for the majority of your, your, your cryptocurrency still put it in Bitcoin or Bitcoin proxy. But some hurdles for them is that they don't feel comfortable holding Bitcoins or Ethereum directly. They feel much more comfortable holding ETF or even buying MSTR, the MicroStrategy US stock. So that's why we see Bitcoin dominance increase a lot in 2024 from, you know, slightly less than 50% to now over 60% because those money only went to Bitcoin. No other altcoins, not even Solana, Ethereum, XRP. So for our industry really to attract more traditional financial investors or institutional clients, what they need to see is number one regulation change for them to, in order to invest in the industry more compliantly, more, more easily basically. And secondly, more reputational risk need to be solved because many of them after FTS collapse feel afraid or feel a little bit, have a little bit moral hazard by investing in crypto. And the third, the third thing that we need to see more changes is real innovations. Every one of us are focusing and we mentioned real innovations. Like when we say blockchain is this very innovative technology that is equivalently important to AI. How can people really use that? Right now still a lot of like the product market fit are probably in, you know, exchange business, speculations, trading, not necessarily evoluting everyone's daily life. Unlike, you know, chat, GPT, deep sec, you can experience that. So these three things, regulations, reputation rates, and real innovations are some hurdles that I think are preventing the traditional financial industry investors to enter more here. Yeah, but these two trends that I see, you know, retail users probably interested in lots of DAX and more high nervous individuals, family offices, clients want to enter the industry, but there are hurdles. Armani, what are your thoughts? I think a lot of the key notes have been hit. I would, when thinking about trader habits, I think the story of the past year really has been the rise of the decentralized exchange. I think there's no doubt about that, especially as these systems continue to scale and as they continue to become more and more just feasible for building financial applications that are used by people around the world. I think Jupiter on Solana is like a wonderful example. Uniswap on Ethereum doing their own roll up is another great example. Hyper liquid, probably like the biggest, most, most noise being made this year in terms of DEXs that have launched. But I think when a lot of people make this DeFi C5 dichotomy, they frame it in the context of almost like an engineering problem where they're referencing the way that the architecture of the system. But I wouldn't, I don't think that's the right dichotomy. I think the dichotomy is actually censorship resistance versus compliance. And I think that is ultimately going to be the end state of more or less every single project in crypto. Either you, you know, you live in a society, right? You don't live in an industry. You live in a rule of law. And although there is all of these like new assets that are created, right? You still have to comply with all the rules, right? You don't just like go and rob a liquor store or whatever, right? It's the exact same thing for an exchange, right? And as kind of more rules and regulations kind of come into play, that will be kind of a hard requirement. But then there's the set of fully decentralized censorship resistant, you know, products that run on so many globally distributed machines that it's literally an undefined problem to actually try to regulate them. Like, how do you shut down Uniswap? It's like, I got, I don't know. There's no single person that has any given point of control over it. And so I think the roles of, of exchanges will continue to evolve to meet one of these two worlds. And you see this with more and more people now building decentralized exchanges because they don't want to solve any of the compliance problems or the folks that, you know, do have that expertise actually go and, you know, get all the licenses and comply with all the little people. And that is ultimately how we're going to get to the next leg of, of industry maturity where, you know, I said it before, I'll say it again. And so, you know, the markets that are important in the world are regular, like they have all the value. I shouldn't say important. The current markets that have all the value, all of the goods and services that run the entire world, they're all regulated markets. That's where all the trillions of dollars of value is. And it's, and it's untapped at the moment. Everything that exists in crypto is great. They're awesome engineering problems. We all know and love it, but it's more or less meaningless in relative terms. And so a big part of, you know, that the opportunity and the challenges for all of us to solve is to go and bring all that value into back it by blockchains. And that takes a lot of work. That's not just engineering work. It's legal work. It's compliant work. It's making relationships and, and, and, and building trust with, you know, society as a whole, whether it's like regulators, whether it's lawmakers, whether it's just general sentiment across, you know, constituents in various places. But we ultimately have to be building things that fit into that mold. And I think that is a big part of the story for the industry as it matures. My next question is going to be sort of like a two part question. You guys have already sort of touched on this. It's, it's something for exchanges that you guys talk about all the time is regulation and policy, right? With sort of a more crypto friendly environment in the US, do you think US being sort of the top dog in crypto and the other countries, do you think that's going to lead to a wave of more regulatory cap clarity in some of the regions where it wasn't there before? And in terms of a centralized exchange, like what, what's one clarity that's missing that will really help you guys out to expand in other areas? Like, is this, is there something that a regulator can focus on to help you guys to differentiate more between centralized and decentralized exchange and help you gain more market share? I think crypto, like other industries, is a global industry, but it's also what we've realized is that it's also a very extremely local industry. I think US regulation definitely has a big outsized impact on the regulatory landscape in other markets as well in addition to US, just given that it is US. However, you know, we've seen that different jurisdictions are taking their own steps from a regulatory landscape perspective. And I think that trend will continue regardless of where US is heading towards. US is already lagging behind a little bit, it's catching up. But, and from a community perspective also, I think the local community on the retail side, different regions, Asia, right? Big, big clusters of community, Asia, MENA, Europe, you know, US and Latin America, Africa. These are all very regional markets that stand on its own. Even if crypto in itself is a borderless industry, I think when it comes to actual development, they all stand on their own. The only piece that I think that US regulation will actually two pieces that I think will have outsized impact on other markets are one, the banking channel, the US banking channel, particularly given the importance of correspondence banks in the global capital flow. I think secondly, the institutional capital. I think one of the things that I keep a close eye on is really how quickly institution adoption happens. Once there's clear regulatory clarity in US, I think the Wall Street will definitely flood in. They want to get in right now, but there's still a hurdle for them to get in. So I do think that that actually creates opportunity for more crypto native exchanges and builders, which who can actually take advantage of this opportunity to build in a proper way, to build the bridge between Trefi and Web3, but at the same time also invest very heavily in Web3 and continue to foster that grassroots community before Wall Street coming and over financialize this industry. So it will be interesting to continue to see. I think US is not going to be, well, my personal take, the changes are not going to come that quickly. But, you know, we all know that we are in a very volatile year with the new administration. So we'll see. Yeah. Similar. I don't think the changes and regulation clarity will be out soon. I actually chatted with a few so-called the new Trump administers crypto advisors. Like they have 20 something crypto advisors who are coming from top VCs, top Web3 groups, more related to the US. I'm not one of them, sadly. We don't do any business in the US at all. But I've been keeping updated about the progress right now. I know David Sachs is driving lots of the initiatives. He's a very good friend of Donald Trump and he has lots of connections in the space and he made lots of positive changes there. But still, you know, how do they, you know, even something like whether Ethereum is a commodity or security, right? Simple things like that. Or whether it's under DOJ, CFTC, SEC regulation, it's not clear. Seems that all these entities, federal governments and the state's government, they each has a say. So US has a very, very complicated political system right now. And when it goes to regulating a centralized change or even, you know, defining certain token as a commodity or security, things like that is very, very unclear. You know, ETFs approval, similarly, not clear. You know, DOJ, Solana, XRP, whether they will have ETF or not. So we've been waiting for lots of things to be concrete because I can't speculate on speculations. I can't make decisions about whether we want to enter a market purely on, you know, those kind of news around whether there is regulation or not and how that regulation might be. So we need to wait for those things to be unfolded, then make a decision whether we want to enter the market or not. In 2025, I don't see us doing that. We might, you know, reevaluate this decision of like us entering the US market later when we have more concrete plans. But also we want to, we probably want to work with some third party partners in order to fast speed this process. Armani, what about you? I would break the question up into two different components. So the first component are all the questions around the assets themselves. I think it's very hard to generalize because the rules and laws are different everywhere around the world. But to take US as an example, there's been a remarkable amount of clarity given by the new administration. David Sachs literally came out and said, NFT is collectibles, meme coins collectibles. And then everybody kind of, kind of went crazy. A huge unlock for anybody building decentralized applications on a censorship resistant chain. So there's the asset question themselves. And that affects us in the form of listings in particular. And that's an important conversation. The other component that I would break this question down into is this question of, well, do the regulation, actually apply to me as a builder? And to me, there is intuitively a very clear decision function to answer that question. And it's very simple. Do I have control or do I not have control? So it's something so censorship resistant. It has so many globally distributed people around the world operating this thing that it's not, I can't just like unilaterally do anything. You know, you could basically ask the question, is there a multisig involved? And it doesn't matter if you're a centralized exchange. It doesn't matter if you're on Solana. It doesn't matter if you're on Ethereum. If there's a single point of control, well, then it should be pretty clear and pretty obvious that the regulations do apply to you in the same way they apply to any type of financial institution in whatever region that you're operating in, whether it's the US or Japan, Europe or whatever. And this is a single question. And I think there's been, you know, I think there's certainly to me a lot of clarity around that. The challenge and where the help needs to come in is reducing the barrier to entry. The barrier to entry is super high. If you want to go get regulated in the US, like, here's a silly example. I'm from the US, spent my entire life there, like grew up in California. It's the most important market to me. It's where my family is. You know, I want to do things by the book in the US, right? American dynamism or whatever, right? Like, you know, Trump gets elected, hurrah. He unleashes all the creativity for all the depths and anybody building something in a decentralized fashion. But if you're trying to build a regulated business, well, there's still an enormous amount of hurdles if you don't have infinite money, right? You still have to go through the 50 state MTL process in states like maybe this is like the best example, like a state like New York, for example, where it's the crypto capital of the United States. All of the talent is there. It's, you know, it's where all of Wall Street is. It's an amazing place. Everybody loves New York. But you can't operate an exchange in New York if you want to actually go after the bit license. So, you know, we want to go after the bit license. We want to go after all 50 states. And we can't hire any engineers in New York that have access to our AWS infrastructure. And it's like, well, that's quite unfortunate. Like, I want to support my country, but you're telling me I can't hire anyone there. And so I think there's these barriers, I think, it's the friction that I think it slows us down collectively. But I do think that it is clear. It's just difficult. You see Coinbase today literally just launched a sole futures market in the USA. And so there's certainly a pathway to be offering these products in the US. It's just really hard. And there's, you know, a ton of barriers. And it takes, you know, only the most, like, rigorous due diligence process, you know, from the regulators to actually approve you to go live in the US. And I think what I would love to see is just, you know, a maybe, you know, providing a more, an easier path for young startups that maybe don't have all the resources. Right? If you're, if you're, you know, just, you know, Mark Zuckerberg graduating or dropping out of college or whatever, how do you build an exchange? You, you can't. Good luck. It's, it's literally impossible. Um, uh, and, uh, at least not in a regulated fashion. Uh, and, and so I think that is the conversation, uh, for me and something I would love to see, uh, progress on. I mean, this has been a great and insightful conversation with the three of you, but unfortunately we're out of time. And we have to give the stage to other people, but it was amazing talking to you all. I hope it's been insightful for the crowd and yeah, we'll see you all guys later. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.