 Hello everyone. This topic is on Bitcoin and the new financial system. So with me is Samson, Adam and David. Do you guys just want to do a quick intro about yourselves and what you guys are working on right now? Who first? Me. Let's go that way. Okay. My name is Samson Mo. I'm the CEO of Jan3. We're a company focused on accelerating hyper-Bitcoinization. And that means accelerating the adoption of Bitcoin around the world. We work with governments, central banks, regulators, and we also developed a Bitcoin wallet called Aqua to spur grassroots adoption. Adam Back, CEO of Blockstream. And Blockstream works on all kinds of Bitcoin tech from software, layer two wallets, hardware wallets, and asset management around all Bitcoin-centric things. Hey, good morning. I'm David Hsieh, co-founder of the Babylon Protocol. So our protocol is on Bitcoin staking, how to take any Bitcoin holders, any Bitcoin to provide security to any proof-of-stake networks in the world. I'm also a professor at Stanford University. Thank you, guys. So we were just discussing backstage about the current cycle, how Bitcoin's kind of been going through this sidestep approach. So consolidation, reprice higher, consolidation, the seventh one since the cycle low. So the volatility is kind of being compressed out of Bitcoin. And yeah, so we could just start with there, what your guys' thoughts are on the current price action, and anything in terms of where you think we could be going in the short term. You want to go for it? Who wants that one? Yeah, I mean, it's curious that there is a lot of buying that is transparent, that the market knows about. So the ETF inflows are some multiple of the Bitcoins mined every day. MicroStrategy and the other strategy companies doing a similar play are also buying, you know, two times plus Bitcoin mined per day. And of course, you've got, you know, the retail buyers who are dollar cost averaging and buying. And because the price is set at the margin, so that means somebody has to be selling. Now, if we were talking about last year, after the DeFi contagion and bankruptcies, there were some structural sellers who were sort of forced sellers, and miners who were restructuring or replacing fleets or going through a less profitable period. But I think all of that is behind us now. FTX is starting to pay out their dollars from selling Bitcoin ill-advisedly in the mid-20K range. And so, anyway, so clearly somebody is selling to match this. Otherwise, the price would already be moving upwards again. Yeah, so since September, as we were discussing, 1.1 million Bitcoin have been sold since September, October of last year. And it's quite incredible to see that that amount of Bitcoin has been sold and the price has gone up 50%, around 60,000 to 100,000. And obviously, with Trump's presidential win, that pinned Bitcoin on 100,000. And we've kind of been in this trading range, what, from about 91,000 to about 110,000. But it is quite incredible. And Samson, you're an advocate for price suppression. And it's so, as a volatile asset, that the volatility is kind of being stripped away. Yeah. Any thoughts on that? Any on that? Well, it seems like it's some sort of price suppression. If you look at the price movement, we kind of peak, and then we stay steady and chop sideways. And it's good. You could say it's consolidation, but it just looks very manufactured. The very tight range in which we're trading at just doesn't look natural at all. And then, of course, you have dips when there's something in the altcoin world forcing capitulation, and then we get pulled down with it a bit. But overall, I would say it's okay. You just have to be patient, much like with the Bitcoin ethos. It's about the long game. Yeah. You're buying something to hold for long term, not something you're trading daily. So I think it's healthy to consolidate. And then usually after some consolidation, we'll rip upwards. Yeah. No, I agree. So if we want to go into the corporate adoption of Bitcoin, so we could discuss the public companies that are buying Bitcoin as a treasury asset. I think we've had about 20, 25 announcements in the past few months of either thinking about Bitcoin as a treasury asset or actually doing it. And I think we should start with MicroStrategy. I think that's the most talked about stock on the planet right now. And Adam, I know you're an active trader on Mike's strategy. And so you take a really close look at the price action with it. But what are your initial thoughts with it and anything with his strategy so far? Well, I think last quarter or so they did a lot of ATM selling, i.e. selling shares to fund buying Bitcoin and less convertible note selling where in the earlier half of last year, they'd been alternating a billion of ATMs, a billion of converts. And so I think people were kind of feeling it's time for sub converts. And actually that was announced overnight. Yes. But they're doing a two billion converts and they have a target in one of the earnings calls where they said they're aiming for 1.3 times leverage. So about 30% debt ratio. Yeah. And I think you said at the moment it's about 12%. So they've got scope to buy maybe about 15 billion of convertible notes to get to their debt target. But of course, they can also continue to maintain a debt ratio or leverage ratio while selling ATMs and selling more converts and maintain that target debt ratio. So they've got to assume they're going to try and get past the 500,000 Bitcoin, which takes about 21,000 more Bitcoin. So I would assume they will achieve that in the next quarter. Yeah. For me and a lot of the people that I've spoken to, they've actually been orange-pilled on his Q3 earnings call back in October when he issued the 42 billion capital raise, the 21 billion of convertible notes and the 21 billion ATM issuance. And on the market cap at the time, I think it was like 80 billion. So it was like a 50% dilution on the stock. And on that day, which was really interesting, the stock went up, Bitcoin went down. And as we know, like dilution, that's one of the worst things for investors. But for a mic trashy holder, that accretive dilution, that Bitcoin per share is something that we all kind of gravitate towards and why we're such avid buyers of the stock. So I think that was the largest capital raise in finance history. So he's kind of, I think he's learning on the job and just to see how much the market can take in terms of dilution and how much capital he can actually accrete for the company. Right. Yeah. I mean, I think it does take some getting used to for people who are used to valuing stocks, that they would not want to see too much dilution very quickly. They'd want to see the dilution, the capital raised from dilution used to create new product lines and demonstrate enterprise value. But with the Bitcoin strategy, the enterprise value is realized the next day when they buy Bitcoin and put it on the balance sheet. And so really, the question is more, what do you think is the fair market MNav, like multiple of the asset value, either the value of the Bitcoin on the balance sheet compared to the market cap, which is currently around two. So based on historic average levels, I would say that is actually quite cheap for microstrategy terms. And personally, my gut feel and just some loose modeling is that is like long term sustainable because you're just looking for once Bitcoin is like post-hyper Bitcoinization, where Bitcoin is fully deployed and maybe not going up very fast. Then the MNav on a company like Microstrategy, presumably dropped to one or some small multiple. And so the question is, how much Bitcoin can they accrete per share between now and 10 or 20 years? Can they double it? And given that they increased the Bitcoin per share by 73% last year, that doesn't seem particularly difficult to do with an MNav of two. So I would say like three or even higher is probably still gives you a discount versus the long term achievable Bitcoin per share. Yeah, it's quite incredible. And to see how the stock trades on any given day, as an $80 billion market cap, it's like the top 10 most traded stock or the implied volatility on the stock outpaces any of the magnificent seven. So he's like trying to integrate into all these different products. So obviously the preferred stock, which was his latest offering, which is a hybrid between the fixed income and equity. And then something I wanted to discuss with you guys is like as Bitcoiners to get that yield in a risk adjusted manner. So obviously with the fixed income product that he's got, it's an $8 dividend. So the dividend percentage is at the moment is given on an 8 or 10% basis. And I think we can see that people are running towards these kind of yield products. So what are your guys thoughts on yield? Obviously we, and staking, and obviously we go to David about that, but to try and find that kind of balance on a risk adjusted basis. I mean, in terms of what MicroStrategy is doing, it's possible because you have, you know, even with those perpetual preferred shares, some kind of dividend and they have the ability to pay the dividend in class A shares. But in terms of a direct or native low risk Bitcoin return, it's actually very hard to achieve a safe return on Bitcoin. And actually, you know, the bear market a couple of years ago was partly triggered by, you know, sort of risk taken while offering yield by a three arrows capital, Genesis, Gemini, BlockFi. Which all stems from that GBC premium. Right. So, I mean, it was basically the reason people were able to offer what was clearly unsustainable yields, but market them as sustainable is because they're making their strategy was they will lend unsecured to hedge funds making directional bets, which is obviously a crazy proposition. And so it inevitably fell apart. But now in terms of what could be achievable in a low risk, I would say something in a region of 2 to 4%, but you have to be very, very careful how you do that to avoid bringing on like custody risks and things like that. Yeah. So David, with Babylon, if you could tell the audience about it and then just in terms of how you navigate with your staking product. Yeah. So the original concept of Bitcoin staking is the observation that staking is growing to be a very large industry in the proof of stake networks. It has a trust risk minimizing way of earning yield staking. So we want to bring the same trust minimizing capability for Bitcoin stakers to use the Bitcoin and log the asset to provide security and thereby earning the reward. So that's the basic observation that the reason, one reason why staking is such an important development in the past few years is because of the trust minimizing characteristic of staking. Do you guys have any thoughts on that? Well, I mean, I think the question, I mean, there are some technical risks around sort of smart contracts and bridges and obviously staking will typically involve wrapped Bitcoin, which is effectively custodial or literally custodial in most cases. So that's a kind of different risk. I mean, I think the custodians will be capable to secure the Bitcoin. But then I think the bigger question is where the yield comes from, which is a kind of Alan Farringdon kind of quote at this point, right? Which is, you know, in some of the other products, I think there are some altcoins out there repeating the Terra Luna formula, paying a high interest rate where the interest... So you would say, well, who's borrowing at 20% or 40%? And the answer is nobody. It's, you know, they're just using pre-mined coins. So it depends per network what is done. So I don't really know the details of all of them. But that's, you know, a concern that if there is no borrower who's naturally generating the return, there's a question of, is that return long-term sustainable? Or is there a failure point where something bad would happen? So can I respond to these two observations? Very important observation. Yeah. So a solution to do the staking is to bridge the asset into a wrap Bitcoin type asset and then stick on the network. So I think one of the key technical innovation of our pro of the Babylon protocol is that it does not involve bridging. So there's no bridging of the asset. It's natively sticked on the Bitcoin chain and the collateralization, that is the so-called slashing, is done through cryptographic means without bridging to the other network. So that reduces the bridging or the custodial risk that Adam mentioned. So that's the first thing. The second thing about yield. So here I think the focus is on providing security to proof of state networks. And security is a very fundamental and important use case for the network. So the yield is coming from paying for that security. So because we think that security is central to the long-term viability of a network, so we believe also that yield will be sustainable. I think there's a lot of there's really no need to look for yield. Yield is sort of a fiat concept that is paired with monetary supply growth. But if you're thinking about Bitcoin as a new money, not just an asset, but a replacement for all fiat money, then you're probably better off just hodling your Bitcoin because that will probably outperform any attempts at getting yield. If you look at historically all the problems that have been had, I'm not saying it's not possible, but like Adam has touched on it, there are risks inherent to searching for yield. So my advice is maybe just hodl. Hudl. So then moving over to more of a macro discussion, looking at the current US administration, what are your guys thoughts on that? And then also any, as we were discussing prior, and you see any currency risk with the dollar index being quite strong, and also gold kind of pricing in a lot of uncertainty. So I think gold's up about 12% this year. And that's with US yields at like 5%. So it seems like the market is demanding gold. So yeah, what are your guys thoughts on just the current macro landscape? Hudl. Hudl. Hudl. Hudl. Hudl. I think gold is sort of an indicator that Bitcoin is going to move up. That's sort of like the the boomer is understanding that something is afoot and we need a safe haven. That leads to the broader marketplace coming to that same understanding for Bitcoin, which is basically just newer gold, digital gold. but the Trump admin I think is better I mean it's not ideal because he launched a meme coin but you have to take the good with the bad sometimes he did free Ross he did follow through on that promise and there's no more aggression towards you know Bitcoin and crypto companies which I think would have continued under a Harris administration so you know cup is half full I would rather take the Trump admin and yeah meme coins which don't really hurt Bitcoin because mean coins don't compete with Bitcoin in any way you know if anything it's a capitulation to Bitcoin saying we're not even gonna make an effort to throw out techno babble and jargon and you know blockchain technology and we're just a meme now so it's sort of hyper shit coinization where it's just about launching a token letting it fly and letting what happens eventually happen which is going down well I mean so that's that right isn't that sad hyper shit tonalization because Bitcoin is the first technology we should build on that right to improve technology no well I mean the the Bitcoin dominance index is growing a bit over the last 12 months I guess and it's gone to like 40 to now just over 60 percent 60 yeah so over 50 percent up roughly so yeah I don't know I mean I think it's probably just because the the kind of insider gamification of of the kind of pump and dump phenomena has been compressed so it's disillusioning the retail investor and so they're they're you know leaving or something so I think it's anyway I think it's an area where more is less and that's that's really what's going on in terms of the u.s. I think the yeah as Samson said the the macro is good for having more favorable regulations and an SEC that is you know going to stop the choke point 2.0 phenomena where banks were trying to unbank Bitcoin companies and the regulators were just running interference and say you know if they if they create some regulatory clarity open for business I think that's good and it also works internationally because regulators look at each other so you know there are there are regulators financial regulators in different countries like Singapore Switzerland UK US but are looking at each other for cues and so the US finally becoming more constructive I think will unlock ETFs and other ETF Bitcoin favorable regulations in other jurisdictions which you know helps access to Bitcoin ultimately and I think the other big news you know going back a little bit now before the Trump administration was the approval of the spot ETFs which unfortunately had to be forced through the courts because of the regulators trying to slow down adoption and I think that set the stage for you know the early stages of institutional adoption which I think is still you know it's early stages and it's the next wave yes so with the with the ETF holdings I think the the last filing of the 13 s over 30 percent of them in our institutional holdings which is I think gold ETFs is around 40 percent so they think they're gonna we're gonna start getting to even higher levels and but we've just seen the Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund allocate to I bet the blackrock ETF that ETF hit 50 billion in AUM quicker than any other ETFs of all time but I wasn't really around in 2004 when GLD was launched but a lot of people were saying there's a lot of synergies between GLD and how the price of gold had a seven-year bull market to 2011 and these consistent inflows and I think as we were saying before that the basis trade is kind of unwinding and now the we're now kind of seeing these net long positions and so I think yeah these constant inflows almost like the buyers of last resort now with this into with this bidding for Bitcoin so it's just interesting to see who keeps buying these ETFs and we get them on a quarterly basis so did any of the filings like jump out at you or anything like that well I mean it's sometimes you have to pick apart some corporate entities are actually you know maybe buying for some other market reason like they're you know the market makeup or something or they're holding it for clients but it it's definitely interesting to see genuine like institutional buyers I think it's still relatively early so blockstream we hired Sean Bill who's a well-known hedge fund manager and pension fund manager and he was the manager of the first US public pension funds that put Bitcoin on its balance sheet and that that was achieved in 2021 but I think still now in terms of you know the allocation to Bitcoin asset class amongst pension funds and mutual funds is very low so the institutional adoption I think is more prop kind of so I think you know those pools of capital are extremely large and the allocation so far are very small so you know that adoption when it does come it's a little bit slow because it you know they want to make a systematic analysis of their risks and so forth but I think that that's coming in you know in the mid-future as well yeah the two things I'm looking for is that stablecoin regulation where tether already the third biggest buyer three month treasuries and I think if they were a sovereign they'd be like the 20th largest buyer and David Sachs has alluded to the stablecoins buying the US debt to get their yields low and then the other one is the one is the SA B121 where they can start to hold Bitcoin in custody and have it on the balance sheet and so those are the two things that I'm looking at there's a few banks now that are looking at custody like offering custody solutions and I think the ETFs are a big game changer I don't think the implications of the ETFs is fully realized yet previous Bitcoin bull runs we're usually kind of muted because of exchanges needing to onboard and their backlog for months so they cannot KYC people fast enough but with the ETFs now there is no barrier to trad fi capital flowing directly into Bitcoin and we haven't seen that torrent of capital pouring yet Adam is saying they're just dipping their toes in you know the sovereign wealth funds are just allocating a droplet of what they have but you can see that it is all coming and when you combine that with the macro trends of miners not needing to sell Bitcoin because they can finance they can borrow like micro strategy and then you have the micro strategy and all the other mini micro strategies buying more than the mine supply and then the ETFs themselves it just sets the stage for a massive wave of maybe 10 20 years of bullish green candles well I think it's interesting you mentioned gold as a comparison because it's probably the sort of most logical target for capital reallocation to Bitcoin especially for like ETF buyers they'll talk to their broker or their financial advisor and say they want to take a stake in Bitcoin so the question is going to be you know this is new capital not you know it's existing capital rather from their portfolio right so the question but what do you want to sell what do you want to sell so they'll sell their gold allocation and buy Bitcoin so I think the proportion of gold value that is in ETFs is a lot smaller percentage wise than Bitcoin so I think and prices set at the margin so I think an interesting metric could be you know value bleeding from the gold ETFs into Bitcoin ETFs and you know potentially even in this market cycle starting to take the shine off gold and you know if that phenomena picks up steam people will switch you know to jump on board if they see the capital flight well if you look at gold ETFs and Bitcoin ETFs Bitcoin ETFs are outperforming gold and actually all ETFs from BlackRock the Bitcoin one is the most successful one ever yeah so the trend is pretty clear that Bitcoin is starting to dominate again yeah no I agree and then we've only got a minute or so but I just want to get your views on just the fundamentals of the Bitcoin ETFs and Bitcoin ETFs and Bitcoin ETFs and Bitcoin ETFs and Bitcoin ETFs and Bitcoin ETFs and Bitcoin ETFs are outperforming gold and actually all ETFs from BlackRock the Bitcoin one is the most successful one ever so in terms of Like I said before, they don't need to sell Bitcoin anymore, at least the bigger ones, and if they're public. But the sovereigns, the nation states that are mining Bitcoin, they're very price insensitive because it's their power. And you can even build new power installations just to mine Bitcoin with stranded energy. So the entire dynamic has changed massively in terms of mining. And this is probably why we see Hashrate just piling on nonstop, because they're not really worried about paying for electricity anymore because it's behind the meter. And I don't think that's fully priced in yet. I think there was a bit of a structural thing going on from the bull market a couple of years ago where people overbought miners on pre-orders, and it ended up taking a couple of years until they received the last of their order batches. And so then they found that there wasn't enough power to put them online. And so because you've got all these enterprise buyers with a sunk cost logic, they're going to put it online if it reduces their loss. And so I think that's why the Hashrate has been a bit high and suppressed the mining profitability, which otherwise would be roaring at this stage in the market. Right. So I think it recovered, obviously, because the price is a lot higher now, even factoring in the halving, dropping the supply. Of course, the fees aren't carrying their weight, but I think that's just due to kind of cycles in the market of different demands for block space, pushing out other uses and then subsiding themselves. Perfect. Thank you very much. Thank you.