 All right. So one of the most talked about topics here in Hong Kong is China plus blockchain and China plus crypto. Everyone wonders, you know, will China legalize crypto? How can you have blockchain in China without crypto? And so we've got some of the biggest names in crypto plus China to talk about that here on stage. Let's do some intros, starting with you. Who are you and what do you do? My name is Edith Young. I'm a general partner in Race Capital. So Race Capital, we're early investor in Solana, in human finance, seller, many, many other crypto projects. But we've particularly focused on early stage infrastructure projects. So always looking at L1, L2 and very, very excited being on stage with our awesome speaker today. Yes. Okay. Who's next? My name is Yifan. Yifan He. I'm the CEO and the founder of Reddy Technology. So we're basically a blockchain infrastructure, regulated digital currency, digital identity company. So it's very complicated. So basically a blockchain company. So we are Hong Kong headquartered with offices in Beijing. Yeah. Very nice. And Lawrence? Hi, everyone. I'm Lawrence Chu. I'm the co-founder and CEO of IDA. IDA is a fintech company focused on stable coins. And we're in process working with the local government here to launch a Hong Kong dollar regulated stable coin. Very nice. Okay. So in mainland China, they embrace blockchain, but not crypto. We'll start with you, Yifan. Why is that? And how can you have a blockchain without crypto? So we don't allow guns in China, but we can still make a steal. Okay. So blockchain is a technology and the crypto is an application. So the technology usually is not regulated. So you can build all kinds of applications. But when some application triggers regulations, then that's – so we need to, you know, make sure, understand the difference between pure technology and the application. So blockchain is a pure technology. That's why Chinese government embrace the technology. So they're okay with technology, but not okay with the financial part of that with crypto. But then how can you have a blockchain work without that monetary incentive behind it? That's why you come from a coin desk. Okay. So let's say first the stable coin. Okay. Our tokenite deposit from a commercial bank. Most of tokenite deposit from bank will be on permission chain. There's no crypto. So which means all of them, you know, will be, you know, doesn't even make sense. Also, you will see this kind of solvent decentralized identity technology. For example, the China Review, the ID we built in China. Right. So that doesn't involve crypto either. So this is – the blockchain actually is a multi-party kind of system architecture, right? So it actually can apply to many, many user cases. Crypto is just one of them. Interesting. Okay. So for – go ahead, Lawrence. Oh, I was going to chime in to say backstage you were just mentioning some of the applications of blockchain technology in China. I mean, we came across a big state-owned company that was storing petrol. And they used blockchain technology because it's immutable. And then they could use that information to attest how much gas there was. And that information can be used to connect with banks to do lending and working capital financing. So there's a lot of application on that side rather than the crypto maybe we know of from another perspective. Interesting. So what do you see, Lawrence, as Hong Kong's role within China for crypto? Because Hong Kong is part of China, but it's also a separate jurisdiction with its own rules and laws. So how does Hong Kong fit into the broader China blockchain play? That's a great question. That's a great question. And Hong Kong has had its unique role in China and Asia, bridging between East and West for the 200 years it's been in existence. And I think that role continues. In particularly the crypto space, most of you may know or may not, but a lot of the crypto companies were born here. A lot of the exchanges, the liquidity providers, what we see that's global today kind of had its origins here. So there's a natural inclination and DNA for sort of building and trying to bridge between East and West. And I guess as the entire industry has developed over the last 10 years, we've taken a very consistent approach. So I think people have seen what we've done on the regulatory side. So there is SFC regulation. There's now HKMA regulation on stable coins. So a lot of that has been framework to allow for adoption. And I think Hong Kong's particular role for China, not just in crypto, but overall, is that it's one country, two systems. So we're here to play that role, to be a sandbox maybe in some cases for China, but also be a conduit for sort of activity. And we'll see a lot more of that in the years to come. Yeah. And I want to echo what Lawrence is saying. And in some sense, Hong Kong is the first city, I think, in the world that really trying to integrate blockchain as part of the society. You definitely don't see even in America, there's a lot of noise. But so far, it's just tons of press conferences, but nothing realistic really happening yet. But it's really, really exciting to see Yvonne actually here doing business in Hong Kong. I actually just don't see that even in the U.S. But more importantly, this is the first cities actually have licenses for crypto exchanges, all the Bitcoin ETF, Ether ETF. This is the first city in Asia that even have it. So from an investor point of view, I think, I don't know how many in the audience are investors. All investor want is really a city that actually, at least there's no roadblock. So that there's nothing sort of like surprises. So then founders can freely build in a city that they know that they don't need to worry about it. Yeah. Sorry. Let me. We actually did some very good trials last year, you know, November, October. So there's two user cases. One actually working with the idea. So we actually use the government-issued Chinese DID linked with the state coin wallet issued in Hong Kong on a public chain flair. Okay. China government ID, a state coin wallet on a public chain. The second user case is the Chinese legal, you know, identity ID with a digital asset issued by Franklin Tampen on Hydra. Those user cases, only you can do them in Hong Kong because there's no way you can link a Chinese government ID directly to a crypto wallet. So through Hong Kong, make that whole thing happen. Interesting. So as an investor, like what do you look for in these projects? Like where is the investment narrative here? Because it's a very interesting project for sure. But how would you market that and how would you get yield from that project as an investor? So Race Capital, we actually invest in people, technology. We're not actually a pure crypto fund. We really focus on, actually I would say 99% of our hope for any sort of exit is IPO. So in that sense, what I'm looking for is, who knows, maybe you could be the deep seek of blockchain technology. And there's so much surprises lately, particularly 2025. Wow. So I can't imagine there's talents coming from Hangzhou or Beijing or many, many other amazing cities in China. But yet it's really the talent that we're investing in. Frankly, I think that there's tons of projects, particularly in the infrastructure side, have nothing to do with crypto. In fact, please don't just create some sort of token project with useless use case. Because there's tons of really amazing companies really don't deserve a token at all. But what us as an early stage investor, at the end of the day, is really investing in great talent that really want to build some real use case. So the exit path is really not about launching a token or we sell the token. It's really about working with enterprises of SaaS model and or licensing model to build a real business. Okay. Interesting. So speaking of talent, do you guys see around China, like talent leaving the major tech companies like Alibaba and Tencent and going towards startups? Because if I was a guy at Tencent and being well paid, would I really trust a crypto startup? Like is there that confidence that crypto is a big thing? You'll want to leave your cushy job at Tencent to go work for a startup? I think these guys can, because literally they are hiring people. But from my point of view, I really, really appreciate sort of the BAT talents because they have seen how large systems work before. A lot of times when I talk to a founder, you have a great idea. But if you have never seen how, you know, how like large scale billions of people had deployed in your system before, it's very hard just to have an idea. So we love the fact that there are experienced founders, particularly engineers, that come out from these, you know, bigger, the BAT of the world. So then we really have something to talk about because it's hard to build infrastructure if you have never seen a big infrastructure, how it works. And of course, like here in China, the scale is immense, right? Like I can't imagine how big the cloud deployment is for Alibaba or Tencent to serve the entire country. Huge. And so I guess those lessons about scale can translate well into blockchain infrastructure to help that scale out as well. Absolutely. But I think Lawrence can talk about how crypto projects, you know, attract people because we don't do crypto. We do exactly like Tencent and Ali do. Infrastructure. And we pay like one third. So nobody come to us. Well, that's too bad. That's not a great hiring pitch. We pay one third of everyone else. I think also like back to your question, I was just going to make a comparison like what I see as some of the differences on on blockchain technology adoption. And I think in Asia and particularly in China, there's a bit more B2B. Whereas like in the U.S. and maybe other places, it's more of a direct to consumer model, like where the blockchain is being adopted. And in that case, then, to your point, we see a lot of talent flowing. It's irregardless if it's BAT or others. But, you know, people from Google spin out new businesses. Right. So I wouldn't say that's any different wherever you sit. Where there's probably a little bit more tailwind is just the dynamics that's happened domestically over the last couple of years. Globally, what's changing and also to this point, Hong Kong has consistently started to deliver a safe framework for people to feel comfortable. And it's, you know, 15 minute train ride to Shenzhen. So it's pretty easy to come down here. Pretty easy for the rest of China to train or take a plane down to Hong Kong. And I think as we opened up over the last couple of years, look at this conference. Packed, sold out. Sold out. That's right. Sold out. And the majority of the folks here are not from this region. So people come and it's a melting pot. It's like a mix, sort of an awesome opportunity for people to mix and to learn and to develop new concepts. So I'm super excited about that. Very cool. So going back to your stablecoin project, why does Hong Kong need a stablecoin? Why can't we use USDC, USDT? Because isn't the Hong Kong dollar itself a stablecoin? It's paid to the US dollar. Yes. Conceptually, that makes it easier for, again, institutions who are our primary target users to understand the concept. I think it's not so much about local usage. Aside from the fact that you may not be able to use digital money in taxis, we're solving that. It's going to happen in the next few months. Hurry up, please. I always say it's a romantic thing. You have to use cash. Aside from that, I think stablecoins, particularly Hong Kong as a jurisdiction, is a global trade finance center. So third biggest financial center in the world. So as we see more assets, traditional assets being tokenized and digitized, then you will need a medium of exchange like a stable token. And also, another point back to kind of the panel, Hong Kong is the biggest offshore RMB hub. So if 60, 70% of the world's trade is kind of with China or involves China, then you can imagine the amount of FX that has to go through a city like Hong Kong, a little bit less so Singapore and London. But these are the three main FX hubs. And we see that as a really a much bigger notional value compared to even the $100 billion that's in Tether today. Oh, wow. Okay. So, you know, everyone thinks that Hong Kong's crypto framework is the first step for mainland China to create a crypto framework. Because after all, Hong Kong had equities markets before mainland China and they just copy and pasted Hong Kong stuff. So do you guys see like mainland China looking down at Hong Kong and eventually legalizing crypto in some forms? What do you think? You want to start first? Is there a way to do this, right? Like, is there a way to do it through like, say, having the crypto ETFs in Hong Kong accessible to mainland China? Okay. So this is actually very sensitive. I only say this by my own opinion. Okay. So first, the thing about this, in China, there's two systems for mainland visitors to buy and sell stock outside China. There's QDI, so which means right now some Chinese investor comes through QDI, use RMB to buy U.S. ETF. Okay. That's one channel. Second channel is Chinese investor with their local security firm. They can buy and sell Hong Kong stock through, they call Shanghai Hong Kong Connect and the Shenzhen Hong Kong Connect, which means the Chinese government build the channels, sediment channels directly to the Hong Kong stock exchange. And basically allow them to buy in RMB and sell in RMB. Remember, the most critical red line is capital inflow, outflow. Okay. That's what government cares. If they have a system for you to sell and buy in RMB, you can never move money outside China. Then what's the difference with Hong Kong regulated stock and Hong Kong regulated crypto? Okay. Okay. So why I really think right now the infrastructure is here, you know, with all the things. Technically, if the government say, okay, I will allow 200 million Chinese investors through their local security firm, use RMB to buy regulated crypto from a regulated Hong Kong crypto exchange. They can implement the whole thing in three months because all the settlements, all the channels, everything is already built. So also I see some signal from the financial regulators, you know, they begin to talk about, you know, Bitcoin, we need to pay more attention. We need to do more research around digital assets. So now actually I see there's a possibility, you know, they open up the cryptos through Hong Kong regulated crypto exchange and open that to Chinese investors. There's some possibility there. I mean, two years ago, if you ask me, I said zero. Okay. Now it's actually become possible. Okay. So what you're saying is you can't actually buy Bitcoin from an exchange in China, but you can buy exposure to the Bitcoin ETF. No, it's not ETF. Actually, they buy crypto directly, but it's not like they're holding by themselves. It's like the security company in the middle actually holding for you. Okay. Okay. Then there's a settlement between the Chinese security firms with the cryptos and, you know, that can say, and you basically buy through them. You don't hold your keys. Yeah. You don't hold your keys. Okay. Definitely. You cannot move the crypto outside China and sell it. You have the exposure to this vehicle, but without having the actual assets. Yes. But you can invest into it. That's capital go-to crypto market. In the future. In the future. In the future. No, not right now. Hopefully. Do we have a timeline like, you know, next year, in two years, three years? I think really depends on Trump will become a permanent president or not. Well, he's in the White House. He's not leaving for four years. You know, let me put a very bold. I think more than 50% chance in three years. Okay. So if you're on poly market, bet on that contract right now. His words, YOLO into it. But what about CBDCs? Like, do they have a role in all of this? Because CBDCs are not stable coins, but they have some kind of, like, stable coin-like attributes. Do you see that more in Hong Kong? Do you see that as part of, like, the blockchain push for China to get into Hong Kong? That should be a Hong Kong thing. Because right now, if you really talk about the CBDC and the stable coin, right now the ECNY technically is a stable coin. It's not really the central, you know, central bank material currency because the liability for ECNY actually holds by the commercial banks. So that's why actually it's a little bit more stable coin than CBDC. And we think all three of them interact with each other, between CBDCs, stable coins, and deposit tokens. And actually, I wanted to add one more point to what Yifan was mentioning. And, again, this is a – some of the politicians from Hong Kong who represent Hong Kong in the National Congress, they are proposing to basically the central government to allow for what they would consider token connect. So the token connect would be, hopefully, let's see the polymarket odds in three years' time if there's 50% chance that effectively a, you know, registered user in China could, through sort of this system, be able to get exposure. And this is no different from, to Yifan's point, buying stocks, buying bonds, buying financial instruments globally. And this is not just a China thing. You need to understand how many countries in the world have a closed capital market. So actually, it's already very – Explain that quickly for everyone in the audience. What does that mean? So it means that basically money – their money is restricted. It can't flow in and out freely. So actually, around Asia, there are many countries that are like that. In the Middle East, there are certain countries that have that sort of same characteristic. So it's not a China thing, right? It's a – there's a global phenomenon that certain countries are sensitive into outflows and inflows. So they need to monitor and manage sort of that capital account. Yeah. Yeah. So from an investor point of view, at the end of the day, particularly for the founders in the room, I think Chinese government in general have – always have a love-hate relationship going on with blockchain versus crypto. Right. Love the blockchain technology. But you definitely don't want to see the crazy 2018 ICO hype or, in Chinese, the jiu cai. Like, which – no more cutting the chive. Right. So basically, the grandma sitting in the hotel and you – for ICO, that is not going to happen again. So at the end of the day, it's really about protecting the 200 million retail investor. And of course, I think it would be great for the world if they all can come in and participate in the crypto market. But at the end of the day, that's why a lot of founders should spend time in Hong Kong because we are playing in this city as a sandbox to anticipate this is going to happen. But we just need to keep in mind that it's going to be step by step. It's not literally – it's not turned on the switch. It's going to happen. Like a floodgate is – we really need to pay attention to the policy. And work with folks who are already actively practicing on the technology side of things. And slowly but surely, hopefully, when this floodgate opens, then all of us are ready for this. But then, like, what's the upside for Beijing? Like, how would you sell this to them in the PBOC? You say, we know you don't like crypto, but let's allow some forms of it in mainland China. Like, what for them is the upside there? I think – not necessarily upside per se. It's – at the end of the day, it's all about making sure that none of us are going to get scammed, right? So KYC, AML, making sure that all the guardrail, so then, you know, we don't all go crazy again. But at the same time, we do want all the retail investors to participate. Economy is a little meek right now. And there – we need to make sure that all the investors are actually continue to be excited about the economy. And we offer them different options to be able to trade. Yeah. It's a simulogical why the Beijing allow investors to buy U.S. ETF and Hong Kong stock. Because, you know, the Chinese people love to save money. So they need a more diversified investment product to attract that money begin to flow. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But then for Hong Kong stocks, it's pretty obvious, right? You want capital from mainland China. It's so large and big into the stock market here to help capitalize companies, right? But that's not what crypto does. Yeah. I would disagree. I mean, I think kind of back to our point about B2B and certain innovation. So, for example, we also recently announced a partnership with a company called MicroConnect. So, MicroConnect, they basically do cash flow-based asset securitization, right? And essentially, it is technology that's on-chain in Notion, but you cannot settle using crypto. But effectively, those are also native digital assets and a new asset class, so to say. So, I would say where there's the innovation, you cannot stop, right? You need to kind of go with the flow. And it's a sort of tooling to get to scale. And we see these digital native assets really being part of that blockchain finance ecosystem that we want Hong Kong to be. And not just Hong Kong, everywhere around the world. I think the bigger pie is blockchain finance compared to maybe Trump meme coin. Fair enough. Yes. I mean, I'm sure that Beijing looks at the Trump meme coin and says, we told you so, guys. This is what we don't want to have. Just to wrap things up. So, what is a forecast you have for this year involving blockchain plus China? Let me start with you. Me? Any forecasts? Like, what do you think will happen this year? Any kind of goals or forecasts? I will pay close attention to the Bitcoin reserve that hopefully will happen in the U.S. And if that happens, I do think that it's going to get many, many governments around the world to also think about potentially have their own. That would be super interesting for all of us. Okay. Do you think that they'll have one in Beijing if D.C. does it first? I don't know. This is a public pay grade. Okay. Fair enough. But I do think that it's something that we should pay close attention to. Okay. Yifan? Yeah. I think the biggest thing for this year, China, Hong Kong, blockchain, it's something we are working on. We are working with both governments trying to use the China real D.I.D. for Chinese mainland visitors to come to Hong Kong to do a lot of verification anonymously. Which means they can probably open some kind of account without exposing their personal information. So that probably, hopefully, in this year, it goes in production, not just sandbox. Okay. Interesting. And, Lauren, to get the last word of the panel. Offshore RMB stablecoin. Offshore RMB stablecoin. That's a pretty bold bet. Yeah. That's right. And why, though? Quickly, why do you think that would be a thing? Because I'm working on it. Oh, okay. Okay. Pump your own token, pump your own bag. All right, guys. That was good fun. Thanks for your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.