 Hello, hello. Welcome to Consensus Money Reimagined Stage. John Pensuller with CoinEd, ManagingEd. And we've got a superb group of people here really representing the whole world of crypto. And we're going to be talking about emerging markets and really how emerging markets can take to crypto, can use crypto to fill in gaps with existing traditional finance and the weaknesses of some of those systems. So I'll introduce the panelists here. We have Trung here. We have Maggie. We have Chris. And we have Mosh. So I'm going to let them explain a little bit about their background and their company. And then we'll get into some questions. So Trung, you want to start off? Hello, everyone. Can you hear me? Okay. I can hear you. Thanks, Benjamin and Consensus for the invite. So basically, I'm probably from Vietnam. And hostation is we doing, I'm doing the crypto business for around like seven years. We do mostly like OTC trading. And hostation was like three years old right now. And it's a wallet. You can, it's non-custodial. But you can do a lot of things on, you know, OTC directly in the wallet. Maggie. My name is Maggie. And I'm the CEO and co-founder of 2Bit. And I started the crypto journey about eight years ago. And the first thing I do is I start a venture capital. It's called Crypto Group. And we started to do a lot of primary market investment, second market trading. And then since 2020, and as a chance for me to travel in Latam. And then all of a sudden, like I started a business in Latam. And now we've been there for five years. So build a platform, the crypto platform over there. Mainly focusing on crypto trading and also crypto payment. Thank you. Chris? Yeah. Hey, everybody. I'm Chris Maurice, CEO of Yellowcard. We are the largest licensed stablecoin payments orchestrator for Africa and the broader emerging world. I grew up in the U.S. Before this, I was selling Pokemon cards on the Internet when I caught the crypto bug. Good practice. And then I met a Nigerian guy on the Internet that told me to move there, which I did, obviously. And, yeah, started the company. Today we work with businesses, banks, financial institutions of all shapes and sizes. Helping them make international payments, manage treasury, and, you know, really just access dollars using stablecoins. Moshe? Hi, Moshe Schlosser, chairman of Ubit. At Ubit, we started in 2017 focused on creating infrastructure to enable payments using crypto. Our concept is to be an open ecosystem, allowing any wallet to connect to us and for people to be able to use their crypto in the real world. So, Moshe, I was just wondering if we could start with you. You were just in El Salvador, which is kind of a very interesting test market for crypto. Obviously, they went on the Bitcoin standard a few years ago, and now Tether has gone there. It's going to be headquartered there. What did you learn there about the adoption of crypto in an emerging market? Sure. So, it seems, you know, El Salvador is a fantastic use case to show about financial inclusion and enabling people to kind of leapfrog from, like, a very primitive structure to the most cutting edge, you know, crypto payments. I think every business is mandatory to accept Bitcoin there. But we think overall, more and more people were going to move to stablecoins, to being able to pay through their wallet directly in merchants. And it's been a phenomenal experience over there to see what's going on. Chris, so Africa probably least advanced in terms of kind of traditional financial infrastructure. Give us some examples of how crypto has helped some of those markets to evolve. Yeah, I think, you know, look, you don't need traditional financial infrastructure anymore, which is, you know, the beauty of this space, right? You know, the customers that we work with, right, the businesses, the banks, the financial institutions, the importers, exporters, etc., that we work with across the continent. And, you know, the majority of them have one main thing in common, which is that they don't really care about stablecoins. They don't care about blockchain. They don't really care about any of the stuff that we're talking about here. They care about solving their problem. And, you know, that is, I think, you know, really the power of this technology and, you know, the power of stablecoins more broadly is it enables businesses around the world, in parts of the world, where you don't have access to USD. In parts of the world where banks cannot facilitate international payments at, you know, any sort of scale that's necessary to be able to continue operations. It enables them to take back control of their own money. It enables them to be able to actually, you know, facilitate these payments themselves. And, yeah, it's, you know, I think that's probably the, you know, the most powerful thing about it. But I think, you know, we spend a lot of time on education and trying to make sure that everybody understands, you know, the technology and self-custody and things like that. And realistically, a lot of these guys don't care. They're interested in solving their problems. They're interested in making payments. And so, yeah, that's, you know, I mean, that's what we focus on. It's just a very practical use case for the space, for the technology to enable businesses to be able to continue to operate in markets they otherwise wouldn't be able to. So, Maggie, just take on that question as well. I mean, on the one hand, you have a technology that's tremendously useful that can fill in a gap. But it does have this reputation for complexity and difficult to use. How are you working to abstract some of that complexity to make it easier for people? Yeah, I think one very important thing that we're also Chris mentioning about, a lot of businesses really don't care about the stablecoin blockchain. They don't know anything about that. And we're not into educating them either. So we try to innovate and build a product that which is very easier for them to use and without any, like, hassles. So, for example, like our product, and when users are logging, it's a very simple interface for them. They don't even know you're using stablecoin or blockchain behind the scene. But actually, you're solving their problem and pain points. So I think product-wise, it's very important to build something that you can serve to provide a very seamless user experience compared to traditional financial or decentralized platform. Because they don't have to remember the private key and all the complicated stuff. Right. Sure. I think, like, for me, it's similar, like, for Vietnam market. It's what Chris has been saying. People don't really care about, you know, like, how to actually, like, what is crypto, what is blockchain is about. They care more about the payments. And for the Vietnam market, the reason that the people involved in the industry is mostly on a few categories. First one, investment, of course. But the second one can be, like, the devaluations of the currencies in Vietnam. And people want to hedge that with, like, USD or USDT. But buying USD in Vietnam is pretty hard. You need a lot of compliance and control. So that's why, you know, like, the OTC, the payment stuff like this appear for them to hedging their position. And overall, like, in the remittance services, they start using that as well. In Vietnam, also this year, the regulations stand out pretty clear. That's a lot of things changing and very positive for the Vietnam market in this area. Okay. What about the impact of regulation? Do you feel that it's getting easier now in the markets that you represent to do business? And how is maybe the impact of the U.S. market with the kind of liberalization with the Trump administration? How is that going to change in the conversation about regulation where you are? Marsh? It certainly seems that the regulatory environment is getting better, obviously, under Trump. Some of the markets that we operate in a lot of time, like Mexico, there's an interesting use case where a lot of Mexican employees go and work in the U.S. And they send back about $100 billion to Mexico every year, which is very costly and with a lot of friction. You know, they use the typical old school Western Union that charges them 8% to 10%. And then $100 billion, that's a lot and takes a while. So, you know, we think, you know, in the markets that we operate in, given the, you know, especially for stable coins, the regulatory that we're going to see through the U.S. will enable a much more seamless path to be able to do global remittance, making more instant and cheaper. You know, and in a market that's $100 billion that moves from the U.S. to Mexico, changing it from $10 billion being charged to $1 billion is still profitable enough to make sense, but at the same time make it 90% cheaper, make it much more accessible, frictionless. And I think with regulations, it's going to be much more easier to be done. So if I'm a Mexican living in the U.S. and I'm sending money back to Mexico, it's now 1% versus 8% with Western Union? It would probably be between, typically it would be between 8% to 12% in a while, and then it goes door to door from, you know, where you are in the U.S. to the Mexican peso to your family. To be able to enable that instantly, almost instantly, and at 90% cheaper, 1%, that's where we are, and that's where we think there's a huge opportunity. And there are similar markets to that, you know, like the Philippines and others that just send a lot of people abroad and they're sending back money. And it's just costing them an arm and a leg, and we think that could be a huge disruption. And it's not just like an edge case. These are huge markets. It's $100 billion a year. So I think with the right regulation around stablecoins, it will be much easier to on-ramp and off-ramp. And with our infrastructure, it could be enabled in a big way. Right. Chris, were you going to say something? No. Okay. I can. No, no, I look like you were about to say something. That's why I asked. Maggie, I mean, you were talking about, you deal with the Latin markets as well, and you were talking earlier about how a lot of Chinese companies are using Mexico as a kind of staging post to get into the U.S. market, and then now wanting to transfer using stablecoins, the kind of B2B payments. Just talk about that and how they can use TrueBet to do that. Yeah. I think Mexico has a very special location between the U.S. and China, and now the new shoring becomes a big trend out there. There's a lot of Asian companies, very Chinese companies. They're moving their manufacture to Mexico and building manufacturing and producing a product over there, and then they will ship the product to the U.S. and that actually increasing a lot of trading value between Asia and Latam. I think yearly-wise is around $480 billion of transactions, and traditionally they only can use bank rails. You have to go through Swift and have to wait five to seven days and with at least two or three percent of the FX rail you have to pay. But now by using the stablecoin and by using our solution, you can receive your funds or payout, massive payout within a day. So it's T-plus zero, it's blockchain. Also connecting with the bank APIs, you can get your fiat within 30 minutes. You will imagine how amazing it's there. And also you can control very low rates, as well as 90% probably less than the traditional way. And Chris, I mean, are you mainly transacting using stablecoins, and would those mostly be USDC and USDT? Yes. Yeah, USDC, USDT, PYUSD, if you're feeling adventurous. You know, I think, you know, to your original question, though, the regulation, when you look broadly across the African continent, has gotten, I mean, there was just a massive sea change that we saw about two and a half years ago. And, you know, the regulation writ large has improved pretty significantly since then, where it was, I would say, gray slash hostile before that. And, you know, obviously things have changed a lot in the U.S. now since, you know, in the past couple of months, right? But, you know, pre-November, the African continent was the single best place to start a company in stablecoins, in crypto more broadly. You had the most access... Anywhere in the world? Anywhere in the world. You had the most access to regulators. You had the most sort of, you know, clarity in key markets. You have, you know, a number of sandboxes available. You have, you know, in general, you have regulators that are looking for innovation to spring up locally, as opposed to being developed somewhere else and then being imported at great expense. And, you know, I think this trend has been going on. And now with, you know, everything going on in the U.S. and sort of the Trump effect, it's only compounding. I had a regulator ask recently why Trump gets so much credit for embracing Bitcoin when it was actually President Tenubu of Nigeria who was the first one to say that he liked Bitcoin. So, you know, people have really taken notice and there's sort of a, you know, a race going on now within the continent to get some of this legislation through. And you're starting to see this in Kenya, Morocco, and a number of other markets where they're racing to get through legislation to encourage these companies to start there, to move there, to grow there, to hire there, and, you know, develop locally within, you know, each particular country. Do you think that Trump gets too much credit for liberalizing crypto? Hey, it should go to Tenubu, apparently. It should. What do you think, Trump? Yeah, for me, like, on the perspective of Vietnam, it's probably the combination of Mosh, Chris, and Maggie together. Especially, like, right now in Vietnam, if you want to send the money out, you have to, at least, you have to pay around, like, 3% on the Forex rate, additional 2% for the transactions we've got the banks, so total around, like, 5% plus. And a lot of paperwork as well. So with the growth of, like, Tether, USAT, across the whole world, and also, like, the position of Vietnam, very nature between, like, China and US, we are in a very good position. There's a lot of good trades there, so the exposure is very large. Also, like, under the new regimes of the prime ministers of Vietnam, the innovation is the key for the growth, and by this year, regulation of crypto is going to come out, and also what Chris said about, like, sandbox, and all of the innovation in this area will be available in Vietnam this year as well. I mean, what particular are they doing in terms of regulation? So the regulation, they got the overall, like, crypto framework, and in the future, like, they legalize a stable point, and another few other steps to be the local exchange. Yeah. Okay. I'm interested in this role of USDT, Tether, because a lot of people think that the new stablecoin legislation in the US is going to make USDC more usable, more palatable than USDT is. I mean, are we going to see this kind of bifurcation between, you know, USDT for emerging markets and USDC for other types of markets? Is that what we think? That's exactly the same. What you have said is actually correct. In Asia right now, people tend to use, like, USDT more as the method of transaction using join network as part of that, and in the US, it's more like USDC or, you know, Europe. So to, if, like, the transaction make, they have, like, at least, like, the liquidities in the middle to transact, we cannot, like, change the habit of the Asia, you know, like, to move 100% going over to USDC or changing, you know, like, the US to using the USDT. So we are just in the middle and make sure that, okay, liquidity on both sides is good. And whatever the client needs, we also provide that. Okay. Mosh, I'm interested. I mean, you have a kind of global view of things. Are there any places in the world that we maybe don't know about that are enthusiastic kind of users of crypto for the types of use cases that we're talking about? I think it's obviously still an education phase for a lot of people around the world, especially in the places that need it most, which is, like, the cash economies that you see in Africa and in Latin America and places in Southeast Asia. I think one of the, you know, to touch on the question you asked before about Tether, one of the things that they've been doing is kind of creating these endpoints and touchpoints in these areas of the world that are very cash-intensive and kind of bringing them back into the digital economy and enabling them to use it worldwide or locally through the traditional rails. So it's not just, like, it's very easy to compete on, like, a stable coin. You can build a stable coin in a second, but having the infrastructure in place across the globe to enable the on-ramp and off-ramp, that's really where it becomes competitive and interesting. And I think one of the things that Tether has been doing is building out that infrastructure to enable that on-ramp and off-ramp, which I think, you know, USDC is lagging behind. Of course, in the U.S., you already have regular payment infrastructure. It's not really needed as much. So they might be the biggest in the U.S., but it's, like, who's using crypto in the U.S.? Right? You want to use stable coins in places that are actually needed. And worldwide and emerging markets, the main focus of Tether was to build out that infrastructure. I'm not a spokesman of Tether, but they are our partners, so... All right. Maggie, what do you think? So we leave this to the clients. So we do have two types of clients. So one type of client, they want the flexibilities. They love Tether. They use USDT. But there's another client. They're an institution client. They have internal compliance requirements. So they will, you know, point out, and I have to use USDC. And it really depends what kind of the client they are. For us, you know, we use anything that they want, but we provide different liquidity for them. So we also partner with a circle. We also partner with a tether. Right. So... Do we think that stable coins will basically be USD denominated in the future, or will other currencies come and be stable coins as well? It's USD. USD. Like, for any, like, real market cap, it's going to be USD. Nobody wants anything else. We've never gotten a single request for euro or anything like that, right? So everybody everywhere in the world wants the dollar. That's the reality. And I think that, you know, stable coins for anything other than the dollar, unless you have banks really utilizing them for settlement, right? And you have, you know, like banks being able to settle amongst themselves in stable coins, unless you have some sort of, you know, mass adoption platform within a country, right, to encourage the use of a stable coin on any other currency. I just, I don't see it happening. Yeah, I think, you know, the dollar is what everybody everywhere in the world is looking for. Local currencies, I mean, it depends on the country, obviously, but at least, you know, for a lot of the markets that we work in typically settle faster on local rails than sending a stable coin and then having to liquidate that to local rails and then send that payment anyways. So I think, you know, there's a reason that nobody's using euro stable coins. Should we take some questions from the audience? Anyone? Where's the microphone? Please, gentleman over here. Can you hear me? Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. I was curious, how do you view DPEG risk? Is that something that you actively try and mitigate and talk to your customers, clients about and educate them on? Or is it something you just say, ah, the base unit of account is a stable coin and that's that? DPEgging anyone? I mean, we don't, we sit in stable coins for, I mean, you know, seconds, right? A customer is sitting in stable coins for a couple of minutes. You know, again, I mean, we're using these for transactions, right? We're not using this for, you know, the vast majority of companies that we're working with are not using this for savings. They're not using it for, you know, really for storing value or anything like that. They're using it for facilitating payments, right? So, you know, I have money in, you know, country A, I need to get it to country B. How do I, you know, facilitate that transaction in the quickest, smoothest way? So I think the, you know, the DPEG risk is pretty minimal, right? In terms of, you know, is the currency going to blow up in the next five minutes? You know, probably not, right? Yeah. And so I don't see it as a massive risk. I don't think, you know, most of the customers that we work with see it as a massive risk because it's just such a short timeframe. Anyone else think about exchange risk? I think, I think the major stablecoins have done a pretty good job being transparent about what they're doing with the USD, specifically Tether, around T-bills, which the majority is sitting in T-bills. So unless you think the U.S. is going to default, which is a possibility, but not a big one. The vast majority is there and their balance sheet and so on. And I think that's one of the big moats that some of the bigger players have now, that they have also a huge balance sheet besides what they're doing with T-bills. So we don't see it as a major risk. But like Chris said, for us, as an infrastructure layer, we just do transactions so we don't take major risk on the stablecoin itself. But we're quite comfortable with specifically USDT. Yeah, if the U.S. defaults, we have a lot bigger problems than, you know, what's going on with our stablecoins. I think, I just want to give an example in Argentina. So in Argentina, they have, you know, a lot of inflation out there. So for the people living there, holding their own currency, it's a risk. So they want to sell their own currency to USD, but they have no way to do it because the bank doesn't provide any USD bank accounts. And stablecoin becomes the only solution for the, in the quick way to hold some sort of USD. So for them, if you're providing a platform, a solution for them to buy the USDT with this immediately, is it really helping them? And then, once, there might be a risk on the sell side, but for a company like us, we already have very mature trading desk, hedging department, risk control. We have all kinds of the, the, the info to support, to liquid out, and to hedging our position, to making sure that we're profitable, you know, from what we're selling. I suppose in Argentina, it's more dangerous to hold meme coins than USD. Anyone else question here? So, companies are still launching new US dollar stablecoin, even though there are two big giants in the market right now. are there any aspects of these new US dollar stablecoin you see that could bridge any current gaps or current deficiencies in the two big giants that would make it a third or actual sizable coin? Maybe yield bearing stablecoins? Anyone? I think this is a very good question. You know, for last year, there's over 10 different USD, 10 different kind of the USD stablecoin come to Mexico and one willing to partnering with us. But unfortunately, like, it's really hard to be honest, at least at this moment, unless you are PayPal, right? PayPal have their PayPal USD. And if you go to the marketplace, you're checking on the daily transaction value between the different type of stablecoin. And then you will see USD and USD still will be dominated. And USD is still much larger than USD, in fact. And the rest of the stablecoin will be much, much smaller. And I know there's a lot of the new type of the USD pack, the stablecoin. But I want to see there's a huge challenge in front of them. Because you need a lot of money to back you and to provide the liquidity in each of the country. And because we need a very fast settlement. And other than that, I think that's the challenge in front of Paxo and Gemini. And all those big name, most stablecoin, they have less value, I think, than us. And we have a real use case. But we don't, at least us, we don't insuring any USD stablecoin. but one day, for example, a company like us, if we have huge value to moving between different countries, we can, we can use our stablecoin. For example, there's a company in the U.S. called Bridge, just acquiring ViceDrive. They newly launched a stablecoin. And they will provide you on top of that. I think that's a good use case that might have some opportunities for new USD stablecoins. Yeah, I'll be a little bit more controversial. So, I will preface this by saying that obviously USDT and USDC are the most liquid stablecoins today. However, I think that they are the worst positioned in the market right now. I think that PYUSD and RLUSD, Ripple, and PayPal are actually the best positioned stablecoins right now for the market moving forward. And the reason that I say that is this entire market is going to change in the next 12 to 18 months. USDT and USDC only make money one way, which is you hold the token and they get to put the money in treasuries and then they keep the yield. And you have several A lot of yield. Yeah, look, I mean, Tether is like the most profitable company in the history of capitalism per employee, right? So, yeah, they've done very well. This is not to say that these companies have not done well. I just think that when you look over the next 12 to 18 months, you have several factors working against that business model, right? You have Trump in the White House who is promising to bring interest rates down. you have increased competition from yield-bearing stable coins, right? You know, the Paxos and mountains and others in the world. And, you know, you have this overall movement right now in stable coins to give more and more of that yield back to the consumer, right? You already see this on, like, Coinbase. Like, I have USDC on Coinbase. Coinbase gives me 4.7%, right? So, essentially, the entire yield that they're earning is already going back to the consumer. And you're going to start to see more and more of that as USDT and USDC try to keep up with, you know, yield-bearing stable coins and things like that. The thing is, is these guys have no other way of making money right now. USDT and USDC have not invested in the on- and off-ramp infrastructure outside of US dollars that I think is important for them as stable coins, to really look into and really get into. The future of stable coins is on payments. And, you know, the reality is you can make a lot more money on payments than you can sitting in treasuries, right? Right now, Tether makes, you know, what, 5% a year on a dollar. You can make 5% a week on payments. You can make, you know, 1% a day, 50 bips a day, and you can cycle that money as many times as, you know, people need the payments, right? As opposed to being able to cycle that and make that revenue once a year. And so, you know, I think that when you look at stable coins that are being issued by companies that actually have payment networks, right? PayPal, Ripple, et cetera. And, you know, look, a lot of it depends on their execution. Are these guys going to be able to integrate the stable coin into their existing payment networks fast enough for, you know, this to matter before, you know, companies like Visa and MasterCard and banks, you know, get into the space, which they will, and they will all issue their own stable coin eventually. That's the big question. But I think that, you know, the companies with existing payment networks that have alternative ways of being able to drive revenue and, like, earn money off of their stable coins will be in a much better place in 12 to 18 months when these issuers are fighting over 25 to 50 bips instead of fighting over, you know, 400 bips right now. Next question. Hi there. Do you see a future where people opt to hold their assets more in stable coins? Now, given what you've said about the yields, the possible yields in stable coins, do you see a future where instead of using it as an intermediary from one fiat to another, and people choose to hold their liquidity in stable coins for yield? Yes, if they have a reason to. And again, like, my core problem today with USDT and USDC is there's not really, outside of being a company with, like, a US bank account, there's not really a good reason to hold these tokens, right? Because what can I do with USDC today? I can give that back to... account, you know, in the US, in my name. So if I'm a company anywhere else in the world that can't get a US bank account, that cannot get, you know, local, onshore, you know, rails in Europe, US, and other markets, which most companies can't, right? You look across, you know, Africa, Southeast Asia, Latin America, right? Most companies operating in these parts of the world can't just get a US or European bank account in their name that enables them to smoothly interface with something like USDC. There's no reason to really hold it in that case, right? Unless you have alternative on and off ramps. And so, you know, I think that in order for people to really want to sit in stable coins and for, you know, the AUM to go up, you need to essentially provide people a US dollar banking alternative on stable coins, right? I need to be able to hold USDT or USDC and then make a payment, make a dollar payment to China, to India, to Europe, make a Naira payment, a Euro payment, et cetera, from some sort of base. But, you know, until then, I just, I don't see people necessarily holding stable coins for, you know, long periods of time on chain unless there's, you know, more on and off ramps available to do something with it. Another question? I have a question. Is there any run about no US dollar stable coins such as Hong Kong stable coins? Sorry, can you repeat the question? Could you repeat the question? Sorry, I didn't hear it. Is there any run about non-US dollar stable coins such as Hong Kong stable coins? He's asking about non-US dollar stable coins. In Hong Kong, yeah. I think Chris just mentioned a little bit, you know, now still USD dollar stable coins will be dominated. But, for example, like, we're in Mexico, we're issuing a Mexico stable coin. So, we have our own pesos-packed stable coin. Right. But it's not a lot of value, to be honest. This is kind of intermediary for us because every single user, when they're on board, they have to use our stable coin. And then, immediately, they will change to, like, USD. Right. And they will use USD across the country, globally. So, value-wise, at least for our case, local generate stable coins still are quite small. Yeah. I'm not sure you guys have any. I think we've got time for one more question. If you want. Right here. Right there. Can we? First of all, thank you for all the insights you shared with us today. Yes, thank you for the insights. Yeah. So, thank you so much. That's the first thing. And my question is about what are the challenges, like, the biggest challenges you are facing when you are collaborating with highly regulated financial institutions? Yeah. I think a regulation is one of biggest challenges. Yeah. I think the regulation framework is the key. And when it's green lines from the top regulation, then you can and then the financial institution is willing to adapt new technology, then they will potentially, like, moving toward these new stable coins. Otherwise, it's very, very hard. Yeah. I think today the world, especially when we are, like, 2025, compared to 2020, when I first land in Mexico, the regulators are much more open-minded and you have much more legal framework to follow. And, for example, like, we years before, Argentina doesn't have any license related to crypto. and after the new president be elected and they're launching a new license, which we already obtained. So, I think it's getting more, like, friendly for our industry. And it's a good thing. But I think they still have a lot things that we need to do. It's a long way to go. And there are a lot more countries need to launch their new regulation framework for our industry. And that's still a challenge, I think. Yeah. Great. Well, that's all the time we have. Thanks very much for coming. And thank you to Marsh. Thank you to Chris. Thank you to Maggie. And thank you to Trump for all your insights. Thank you. Pleasure. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you.