 Welcome everyone to today's panel discussion on how deal making will change the industry. So today we have an incredible lineup of experts here with us to share their insight, Alex and Kasper. So let's start by just having the panelists introduce themselves, the organization they represent. Yep, I'll go first. Alex Jaworski, thank you everyone for coming. I work at Jefferies. I run our financial institutions investment banking business out of New York. It's a global business, a team of about 130 bankers. My focus is financial technology and along with my colleague in the first row, Tim Shea, we increasingly spend a lot of time really over the last four or five years in digital assets and the entire kind of crypto, blockchain, digital asset ecosystem. Jefferies has been around for, I don't know, 65 years. Full service investment bank, public company, about $18 billion in market cap. Yeah. Thanks. Hey everybody, Kasper Johansson, co-founder of Spartan Group. At Spartan Group we do venture building, investing and investing banking advisory. I run our investment bank advisory business. We've been around since 2017. We focus exclusively on Web3 and crypto. And in the context of this discussion, we do M&A, where we typically help founders sell their businesses. We do token launches, token raises. Yeah, on all Web3. We're based primarily out of Singapore and Hong Kong. Thank you. So my name is Ian. I am a VP at Forsyte Ventures. So about Forsyte Ventures, long words in short, what we want to do is truly bridge the Western and Eastern in the crypto industry. So, yeah, let's start our panel with the first question, right? So the topic is how, you know, deal making will change the industry. But first, let's ask this question. So we both know that the crypto space is full of innovations and noise. But from your perspective, right, what kind of change does the industry need to make to really achieve the, you know, this kind of sustainable goal? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'll go first. So maybe it's helpful that I spend a significant amount of time in the world of traditional finance in addition to crypto. And despite the growth of crypto to date and certainly the growth that it has ahead of it, it's still relatively small to the world of traditional finance. If you think about major exchanges, data, technology, you know, market infrastructure companies. And so I think that there are two paths for crypto from a deal making standpoint. One is that most of the deals happen just within the world of crypto. One crypto company buys another or crypto native investors invest in crypto companies. That's one. And that's traditionally been how it's gone to date. And then there is the cross pollination from the much larger traditional finance world into crypto. And the impediment to that has been the lack of regulation and a lot of the kind of gray area types of activities that have kept traditional companies outside of crypto. And obviously, certainly in the U.S., that's changing very significantly. That has almost immediately led to a number of companies looking to pursue IPOs in the United States, something that since Coinbase was simply never possible. So I would say it starts with regulation. It starts with, frankly, a lot of the marginal players leaving the industry, the ones that, you know, I would say created unacceptable risk to a lot of the investors and traditional buyers. And then that, I think, will lead to the kind of consolidation and investing that you've seen in other parts of financial markets. Right. That's a very good point of view from the institutional insight. How about you, Kasper? Maybe more from, like, a VC perspective. How do you see the problem? Yeah, I mean, we deal with everything from a completely de-gen founder who wants to launch a new token to existing multi-billion dollar FTV projects who want to do treasury sales to Web2 companies that want to move into Web3 to large centralized, like, exchanges that want to do M&A transactions. And I think one of the things the space really needs is just adoption. I mean, so far, I think Bitcoin and stable coins are probably the two best product market fit we've seen. And they're both fantastic. And there's a lot of other, you know, ancillary products like exchanges, custody, staking. So one of the things I think we need to see is more adoption. That will be driven by a number of things. But in terms of the deal-making side, I think we'll see more consolidation, which means that, you know, the better companies buy the companies that are struggling, which I think will be a good thing. And then also one of the things we need is for many of the founders to be a little bit more realistic about expectations in terms of valuations, in terms of terms, and also the capital allocation to be more disciplined. And, like, in the more tradified traditional sectors, you get enough capital that you need to grow and reach the next stage. And then you get more, then you get more, you get more. This kind of trend we've seen in crypto of people just getting 50 million day one and then figuring out how to spend it, I don't think drives them enough discipline. So, yeah, over time, I think we'll, this year, we'll see a lot. We'll see IPOs, hopefully, out of the U.S., which will be very important. We'll see a lot of M&A consolidation. We will see, I think, more disciplined token launches. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. And during the bull market, right, everything seems being, you know, accelerated, right? Whether it's investing or funding for the founders or merges or acquisition, everything is accelerated. But under this kind of circumstance, what kind of challenge do you guys see? And is there any, like, underlying risk should, you know, people like VC or founders should be aware of? Sure. Well, I mean, you don't have to go back very far. We were talking about this in 2021 when you saw the last bull market, not just in crypto, but generally. And a lot of companies in traditional finance and in crypto, but I think it's more pronounced in crypto, are still struggling with having raised money at inflated valuations. So, clearly, that's not a good thing for the investors because even to this day, many of those companies have not grown into those valuations. But for the founders of those companies that may have sold a minority position, especially if that went in as a pref, you really can't. But the valuation is nowhere near what the company is worth today, or despite that we're, again, in a bull market. It ties your hands as far as being able to use your stock for buying other companies. You can't really sell your business because, you know, the preferred investor that may have committed an inflated valuation is going to completely wipe out the common. And so, it really doesn't work for either side. And the risk is that people, as Kasper was saying, in a somewhat different way, lose that discipline because you end up paying for it in the years to come. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. I think my point is very similar to Alex's, which is right now we're seeing the hangover from late 21 to early 2022 financings, where all these centralized platforms have valuations at 50, 60, 70 times revenue multiple, with the expectation that they would 3, 4x and grow into a more reasonable valuation. But then, you know, Terra Luna, FTX, everything happened in 2022, which led to a dip, which now means that not only do they have historically very high valuations, but they have this preference stack that Alex talked about, which is basically the investors get their money back before anyone else. So, you might, you can hear about companies where the founder has sold their company for 100 million and you think like, oh, wow, they must be retired and wealthy. But if they raised a lot of money, they might get zero out of that themselves because they didn't clear their preference stack, so to speak. So, there's a lot of companies dealing with that right now. And that's kind of what's held back M&A the last few years. It's just like buyers and sellers not being able to find a middle ground on that. And that's something that hopefully this market this year will resolve, but also something for founders to keep an eye on. Like just, it's very good for your ego and also for your dilution to take a high valuation, but it can come back to hit you if you're not careful. Yeah, so one thing we have been noticed under this kind of market is that, as you can see, there is a lot of like attention economy happening in a crypto space. That's very important, right? Because you really need to drive people's attention to have more people or more users to join the industry to make it more thrive. But another thing is that actually, in some kind of way, it's more of like the bad money is actually, you know, drive out the good. So I think one thing, you know, people really need to be aware of is to really, you know, focus, really converting their attention to from the like the hype or the like the meme stuff to these things that have real user, real demand PMF to really like focus back to the product itself. Because I think in this kind of market, the good entrepreneur is actually being like diluted. And it's terrible for the like in a long term. So I would say that's the one of the risks or things that people should be aware of. So, yeah, so last question, right? So we actually, we, we, we, I just talked about the long term value, but what, what, what kind of long term value you guys really think is in the crypto industry or from your expertise? What do you see the, the, the, the industry will become or will change in maybe next five or 10 years? Well, I'll, I'll, I'll take it again from the standpoint mostly of maybe deal making as opposed to as a kind of as a practitioner, which I'm not a practitioner advisor to, to, to, to principals in the industry. I, I would expect there to be within, certainly within five years, but I would think even within as soon as two years, two, three years, established participants in, you know, asset managers, market makers, exchanges, brokers to, to kind of hit on all the different parts of the value chain. And they're not in crypto doing acquisitions of crypto specific companies. And I think when that happens more than anything, the, the, the bridges or the ramps that, and I'm not talking about it purely from a technology standpoint, but that as well between traditional finance and crypto will be built because there will be a lot of money behind it. And a lot of incentives and a lot of incentives and a strong thesis by people who would have spent significant amounts of money. But, by, you know, diversifying or, or growing into the crypto space from, from traditional finance. So that would be, that would be one. The second I would say is, you know, when companies do go public and are reporting KPIs and have market determined valuation. And, and, and that valuation isn't just like it is for Coinbase, largely a proxy of their sentiment in Bitcoin, but actually is a fundamental micro analysis of that stock versus that stock. I think that will be good for really everyone because you will be able to do a real benchmarking. And, and, and, and you'll be able to look at your business or look at somebody else's business and say, well, more of this is good or less of that is bad. Because look at how the market views different revenue streams, growth versus profitability, so on and so forth. Good point. Yeah, for me, the, the next five, ten years in the sector will really be set up by what the U.S. does this year. There's a lot of expectations now after Trump came to power and in terms of rolling out new regulation, being more banking friendly. The SEC is hopefully our friend again instead of our enemy. What the U.S. does this year will impact the whole sector massively. I think more importantly than any other year really. And what needs to happen is we need to see some of these more, these centralized businesses, IPO, you know, Circle, BitGo, Gemini, Kraken, Bullish, many other big centralized platforms that are IPO ready by normal standards. We need to see them come into the public markets. And then we also need to see this regulation that's been, you know, promised be put into place because do not underestimate just how much regulators and investors, the whole world, just look at what happens in the U.S. and take their signal from them. It's like massive ripples. And if the U.S. disappoints this year, it's going to be really bad for the sector. So I think it's really there's you can't underestimate the importance of U.S. this year. It's really going to set, you know, all of us in the sector up for the next five to 10 years. And then once you get the IPOs and you get more and more capital coming in, that then will allow more, more, more growth in the sector. And Asia is obviously super important for the sector in terms of especially, you know, it's got amazing entrepreneurs, but also a lot of adoption. But right now we all kind of just have to hope, watch that the U.S. delivers. Yeah. Thank you, guys. I think that's actually a wrap up our discussion for today. I'm not sure if we have time for the question, but let me check. That's the time. Yeah. I think, yeah, I think we have like two minutes more. So if there is any question, we can like take maybe one or two. There's one. Yeah, please. Hi, thank you very much. With regard to your last comment about the U.S. regulations, is there anything in particular that you have an eye on? And also in terms of timeline, are you looking for very specific laws to be put into place? Yeah, I think the most important part of the regulation, I mean, it's already regulated in terms of securities offerings, M&A, all that kind of fits under the existing umbrella. What's more important is on the token side in terms of how can you do token compliant token offerings without constantly having to like look over your shoulder to see if you're violating some sort of securities law. And ideally, it needs to be something that's token crypto native and not just taking the existing rules and putting on them and also not being too loose. So it's a very difficult balance to strike. But I think a lot like a lot of jurisdictions globally will look at that framework. And then because the U.S. capital markets are just so massive, they will implement something similar, especially on the token side. Yeah. And then also the SEC allowing these IPOs to actually go through, take place. Do you see a, how do I put this, contradiction between crypto and traditional finance? Maybe you can both answer the question. So I don't know if I put this right, but do you see that there's a risk of crypto eating TreadFries lunch or, you know, and because of that, maybe certain regulations are not going to be put into place? What's your take on that? Not particularly, no. That would be the short answer to your question. I don't think that, let me put it this way. A handful of years ago, and this is a longer conversation than the time we have, but there was a lot of fretting about blockchain, for example, right, would disrupt and replace clearing settlement and other post-trade processes. And that really hasn't happened. And even those processes have improved to now T plus one and T plus zero, respectively, for equities and treasuries, freeing up tens of billions of dollars of margin and capital. So, like, it is possible to do things without the use of the magical powers of blockchain in traditional finance. That's number one. And then as an investable and tradable asset class, is it going to – I think it could make trading FX less interesting, maybe, but there are still going to be equities. There are still going to be – you know, governments and companies are still going to fund themselves by the issuance of bonds. So that will continue to be a tradable instrument. There's, I think, going to be a lot more tokenization, but I don't think – maybe that's a form of crypto eating TradFi's lunch, but to me that's more of a technological feature than anything else. But that's how I would answer it. Yeah, I think – I'll give a very quick response. I'm actually more afraid of TradFi eating crypto's lunch because I'm seeing all the TradFi banks – no offense – coming into the sector because it's getting more regulated. It's getting bigger because for the TradFi industry, it has to have a certain size also to make sense because it is still a – although it's super important to all of us is we eat, live, sleep, breathe it. It's a very small part of the overall financial market. So I'm concerned about the financial – the big players coming in and kind of taking the fun out of it in terms of, like, just dominating the market, regulatory capture, over-regulation. And maybe there's a little bit too much craziness right now with, you know, Libra and, like, all these, like, the meme coin rug pulls. But I hope they strike a balance where we can still all have, like, fun, interesting innovation in the sector and not just be crushed by TradFi. Yeah. All right. Thank you, guys. Thank you.