 Excellent, good afternoon. How is Hong Kong doing? My name is Charles. I'm the CEO of the DYDX Foundation. I'm super excited to have an old colleague of mine. I am from Consensys Linea and a friend of mine, a peer from the perp industry, Ran. And we're going to chat about DeFi infrastructure in our everyday life. Our teams are working, improving, fixing infrastructure for DeFi. And the way I suggest we kind of build this conversation is thinking about three layers of infrastructure around DeFi applications, if that's okay. We can talk first about the base layer. How do we connect via RPCs? How do we deal with multi-chain or your own chain in the case of DYDX? Maybe later we can speak about how the wallets and the user experience at the application level are evolving and how we look at infrastructure around that. And maybe if we have time we can talk about the assets. The assets are not really an infrastructure per se, but they are part of the kind of bricks we bring together for having our DeFi applications working. So yeah, let's get started if that's okay. Yeah. Do you want to tell us more about what keeps you busy at Linear maybe? And we'll do the same with you if that's okay. I feel like I'm the sort of layered sandwich between the two perps. We are nice people. We are nice people. We will not put too much leverage on you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Keep leverage and control, right? So yeah, look, I look after partnerships at Linear, previously working on the MetaMask product. And yeah, we've been rolling out our ecosystem for the last year and a half and gradually building up a DeFi ecosystem and infrastructure to support a number of things that we've been working on. We did a number of experiments on the... Linear is like a Layer 2 EVM, a ZKEVM on top of Ethereum. It's completely Ethereum equivalent. So if whatever you deploy onto Ethereum, it will work on Linear. We recently upgraded the network to 27.5 MGAS per second. So we're one of the leading Layer 2s in terms of sort of scale. And yeah, we sort of did a lot of experimentation last year around like point system to try to get people to use DeFi and, you know, deposit, trade, you know, use pools, use set up markets, all of that stuff. And that sort of almost like helped us sort of prove a level of volume or a level of TPS, which then gave confidence to the MetaMask team to actually deploy their debit card onto our network. So, you know, probably not so much in this region, but we've got like 32 countries now launched with the MetaMask debit card. And we're starting to see an ecosystem develop around the card to allow users to like borrow land and so on. So it's quite an exciting sort of organic growth of the intersection between like the sort of base layer of the network and then the sort of blocks that start to sort of, the Lego blocks that start to build on top. Excellent. Yep. Thank you for that. Ran. Thanks, Charles. Ran, co-founder of Orderly. Orderly aims to allow anyone to trade anything from anywhere. And what that means is in the chain abstracted experience, we have an omni chain perpetuals order book that sits on top of currently 10 chains, including EVMs and Solana. And I think we're the first one to allow this kind of a structure between EVM and Solana, where users can deposit from one chain and withdraw from another chain while trading perpetuals. And the whole point is to have like a centralized exchange experience or the info that allows that. And on top of us are 35 different builders who have their own perpetuals experiences for their target audience, which includes Telegram bots, AMMs. So Radium, the largest AMM on Solana, their perpetuals launched on top of Orderly about two months ago. So that's an example of one of the builders that we're working with. We have over 100 markets listed now, about 90 billion in cumulative volumes since end of 2023. And happy to be here. Thanks. How do you deal with the RPCs and access to your infrastructures and to your DeFi protocols? I know, for example, we can start with consensus. You have a big practice. Infura is one of the OG infrastructure providers. How did Infura support the birth of DeFi on linear? Yeah. Was it, what was the learnings? And when you build infrastructure for DeFi in 2025 or call it 2024, what are you doing differently compared to the old first generations of DeFi, which was on the mainnet, for example? Yeah, I think the sort of getting access to the networks and the chains itself, you know, we both worked on Infura back in the past. You've got other RPC providers like Alchemy, Quicknode. And, you know, early on in our journey with Infura, we were sort of accused of being quite a centralizing force within Ethereum. I think, like, at one point, you know, probably 80% of all Ethereum transactions were going through Infura. And that was, like, centered around a specific AWS region and so on. So what we've, at consensus, what we've done is we've tried to look at being able to decentralize that infrastructure now. And so what we've done is taken the Infura service and created a sort of next generation of that service, which is basically allows us to route RPC traffic to different operators. What that means is that other companies can participate in providing RPC services. It's an eigenlayer AVS service. So what it allows us to do is distribute load to different players in the network. Including your competitors. Including our competitors. Very nice. It allows, you know, and if one player is not providing availability, they'll, you know, eventually will have the slashing mechanisms to make sure. And that then basically provides sort of the DeFi layer the ability to get one predictable high availability access to these networks. Secondly, to get a much broader set of chains to be supported. So you basically, you know, within Infura, it used to take us months to get a new chain working. Now it takes us, like, a day or two to get a new chain working with our decentralized infrastructure service. It's called DIN. When token? When token? Well, let's get through our first token. Let's get ourselves through the first token, yeah. And then we'll move on to that one. The, so, yeah, I think I'm quite excited about, and then from a linear perspective, you know, yes, we were working with Infura and DIN. But we've also, like, partnered very closely with Quicknode and Alchemy as well to make sure that the DeFi players have choice, right? Absolutely. And if you, let's say, you pick Alchemy as your preferred RPC infrastructure provider, that you've also got an option of a different provider for backup, let's say. Excellent. So, yeah, it's quite exciting. And I think, like, you know, RPC has been a centralizing force. I think that's changing now, and we're really seeing this sort of decentralization of the access to the network. Excellent. Aran, you described your service orderly as some kind of sub-layer below the apps for perps trading. How did you build the infrastructure to essentially accommodate all these different frontends that are your customers? I suppose some of them are running on Solana, you were mentioning, Radium, but maybe some others are on some other L1s or some L2s. Can you give us a little bit of an overview of how you built your infrastructure and access points knowing that people are coming from multiple doors and sometimes windows? Yes. So we're live on 10 different chains now, and what's there are... Are you running your nose yourself, or are you using a subcontractor or something? We are using operators. So we have our own chain called the orderly chain that's built using OP stack, but we're using conduit as the operator for it. But the chain is not something where we invite others to build on it yet. It's more just as a settlement layer because our sequencing is still centralized, and then post-trades it settles on our chain, what I described, the orderly chain built using OP stack. And it's using Celestia for data availability. And how it connects to each other chain, which hold our custody vaults, that's where users deposit and withdraw assets. Simple custody smart contracts on the chains that were deployed on, including Solana. And they're all linked together by Layer 0's cross-chain messaging. So when a user deposits in our vault, that message gets sent via Layer 0 to our chain that records that information. The user's trading and it settles on our chain. And when they want to withdraw, let's say, from Arbitrum, another message goes from Layer 0 to our vault in Arbitrum, which they withdraw. So it's set up in such a way, and essentially we try to replace a centralized exchange set up by using our chain that just does the settlements. And then cross-chain messaging is via Layer 0. And by having native integrations with the chains, we are able to kind of keep the TVL on the source chains. Like if we were to work with Linea, the users would deposit and withdraw from your chain. It's not trying to attract assets to our chain. And as we go multi-collateral, we can accommodate a lot more native assets to be used as collateral for perps. So it just sits on top of it. And then to the builder side, it's SDKs, essentially. We just have a very simple SDK for builders to be able to build their experiences on top. And it could be easy. It could be done in a few days. We want to shrink that to a few hours. And now even offer no-code solutions for people to build a DEX, kind of like DEX as a service. But even for people, let's say KOLs, who don't know how to code. Right? But then they do want like a DEX. So then we have a solution for them as well. Do you have a sense of the traffic on orderly desktop traffic versus mobile traffic? I don't have the numbers off the top of my head. But we do have, I mean, what we have is a PW. We don't have an app, right? So it depends on the experiences of the builders on top. Like one of the larger ones, MuFi, they have just a PWA. There's no app built. So that's kind of, but it's limiting experience. Right? So and then traffic, it's somewhere through Telegram. Like Vui, another builder, they have Telegram bots. And there's even one with a Twitter plugin where people can trade via Twitter plugin, FlashX. So it's different experiences for whichever users. And they're targeting different GOs as well. So that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to have this infrastructure, Omni-Chain info, for them to build their apps on top. And they can do the user acquisition. We can help them do it. We can hold campaigns and incentivize with our tokens and such. That's a super cool segue to move to the second part of the conversation, if that's okay. We started with DeFi infrastructure at the RPC level, low level and low layer. Yeah. Before we move on, like what do you guys do at DYDX from that sort of infrastructure layer? Absolutely. So DYDX, we used to be on Ethereum. So DYDX does perps since 2018. So it has been a kind of OG in the perp space. We used to be on Ethereum layer one. And then we were very early adopters of layer two. We start where one of the biggest users at the time of layer twos. And eventually, the engineers decided to say, okay, let's keep leveraging the best technology available to keep progressing into decentralization. And that's when the engineers decided to essentially build the DYDX chain, which was launched effectively last year, so now the Ethereum version of DYDX is closed, definitely. And everything is happening on the DYDX chain. In terms of access, people can access DYDX via mobile phone, via desktop, obviously. People can, in a permissionless manner, also build their own front-ends. Some people have built front-ends on Airbit. Some people are building their own front-ends for all kinds of reasons. And in terms of pure access to the chain itself, either people connect directly to an indexer. The indexer for the DYDX chain is run by the operation DAO. DYDX is very, very decentralized. So there is a DAO, which runs multiple services for the chain itself. And connecting to DYDX via the indexer is one option. But some very sophisticated players around high-frequency trading will be also running their own full node. A full node is essentially part of the network, but only for reading and not validating any transactions. And being able to broadcast to the network in a much more efficient way your orders or whatever you want to do with the chain. So it's a very interesting play where you find some kind, I would say, traditional users of the chain, which will want to get access via an indexer or just traditional APIs. And some others will be way more sophisticated by the nature of the application and the application chain. That is DYDX, where people trade perps at very high frequency. To give you an order of magnitude, last year, DYDX recorded 270 billion US dollars of trading volume on the DYDX chain. So that's roughly 800 million dollars a day. So it comes with a lot of activity. And it's very important for the infrastructure of such platform to be accommodating people which are coming with an average consumption of it. And some people which will be extremely sophisticated. So high performance API plus, at the design itself, being able to basically customize your access to the chain. So whenever you want to hit the chain, you can hit five, ten nodes at the same time and make sure that you can hit the chain and execute your orders or your views on the market with the highest level of efficiency. Let's move on to the upper layer guys, if you don't mind. Wallets and everything on the top of RPCs on the top of the application. How have you seen the market evolving on your front and what are you putting in place in your respective project for the infrastructure of your DeFi users? Let's step away from RPCs and go more into the users and the user interfaces. Well for us, one example is we always wanted to abstract chains from the very beginning. So our DeX built on top of orderly, they're automatically omni-chain. Like if you use something like WuFi, you can just deposit from one chain and withdraw from another, just like a centralized exchange. We aim to make that experience and where the chains are just abstracted away and you're using native assets, right? Even in Bitcoin, Dogecoin later, I think it's possible to do that to some extent where you're depositing native assets and withdrawing native assets while it being used for collateral, for perps or for spot trading. I think that's the experience that people want. I mean some people can even use us as a bridge. I mean we're using layer zero messaging so people can use us as a bridge and I think some do. So that's on the chain level. And then on the onboarding level, I mean we're seeing, I mean we're not doing this ourselves, but we're seeing a ton of innovations there in terms of Web2 logins and Privy and Fiat on ramps, right? Like, so it's pretty soon I think you're just, we don't have to use seed phrases, we don't have to memorize them. It'll also be secure. Now even like WuFi, it's QR code scan, no need to interact with Wallace really and using, you know, passkey on your phone to do the login. So I think we're very, very close to that where it very, very much mimics the centralized exchange experience. And then with assets already moving on chain with the meme coins and such, I think it's kind of a dire situation for some centralized exchanges who haven't went all in on their Web3 applications. How do we bring a hundred more millions of DeFi users in? So I think our approach on the Metamask side, you know, first of all our focus has been to make it more seamless to go cross chain. You know, having the, we almost like want to get away from the user being aware of which chain they're working with. You know, if they want to like, you know, use an asset for collateral, it doesn't, shouldn't really matter where it sits. And it shouldn't matter where it's, you know, where, where that collateral then gets used in terms of, let's say, if it's a loan or whatever. And so the first step for us was like to move, you know, Metamask is quite an old product. It's been around, you know, almost like nine years now. And, you know, it was conceived in a single chain environment with Ethereum. And we're very much now moved, we sort of moved the entire architecture of the wallet to be a multi-chain environment. And, you know, we'll, you'll see a number of significant UI improvements over the next couple of months around abstracting away the, the, the, the sort of chain detection. So we, we already have the ability to automatically switch chains. And, and the more of that abstraction is going to happen. I think, you know, beyond that, there's a couple of things. First of all, moving away from just EOAs to sort of smart contract based wallets and using, we've got a framework called Delegatable, which allows us to sort of almost delegate sort of spending or transaction or approval type processes from one wallet to another. So you can say, you don't need to migrate off the EOA, but you could just say, I'm going to delegate, you know, the ability to do certain trades to a smart contract wallet and, and, and, and sort of get away from having to do everything signed by the EOA. And then lastly, what we're, we're, we're really sort of trying to bring more like real world use cases to our users. So, you know, I, I, I talked about the rollout of the debit card. You know, we're, we're at 32 countries at the moment. That allows you to spend stable coins directly out of your wallet. We should get to about 80 countries by the end of the year. And what we're starting to see here is retail users can spend, but what, what are they going to use to spend? So we're starting to see those users look for DeFi blocks to be able to, let's say, take their ETH or rat Bitcoin as collateral, take out a loan, maybe in a local stable coin to be able to spend on like their day-to-day, day-to-day things. And, and I'm sort of starting to see that happen, one, on the linear side with, let's say, for example, Aave. They, they, they, they deployed onto linear last week. But I'm also starting to see more of the cross-chain use cases where the user doesn't want to have to take their assets from, let's say, Arbitrum and put them onto linear to, to use DeFi. They just use the assets that sit on Arbitrum and take out a loan on linear to spend. And so you get this sort of cross-chain use of DeFi, but not just for trading, but actually for real world sort of, you know, I'm tapping to get on the MTR. I'm tapping to spend in the bakery or the pharmacy and I'm using DeFi to do that. And then I think the evolution is going to be like going from, let's say, cross-chain lending and borrowing to an environment where when I tap with my, like, Google Pay or Apple Pay, I'm actually triggering a DeFi microloan and it will be much more efficient than taking out a credit card loan. And keep your money at work whenever, whenever you're, you're earning yield right to that last possible point in time where you tap. So you're sort of controlling your assets rather than handing them to like a top-up fund. DeFi needs these kind of unique value propositions to basically accelerate the migration away. I would like to make one point, something I'm working very hard with my team now. I believe that the DeFi distribution is totally broken. I've seen too many projects, DYDX being one of them, trying to acquire users directly. And I think as a practitioner of this industry, we can think more deeply about how Web3 products and DeFi products would be distributed. And I believe the DeFi infrastructure might actually be CeFi. And let me build on this. What you see is the CeFi players, the Binance, the Coinbase of the world, probably have 200 million, 250 million users if you aggregate all the customers from all these centralized exchanges. All these centralized exchanges are in a global race to acquire licenses in as many countries as possible. Every time they get a license, it's mostly for spots. So they have to stop lending, they have to stop futures, they have to stop many activities because the license they get is only for spots, for the most part. So what you see is all these centralized exchanges are building their own wallets. The Coinbase wallets, the Binance wallets, the OKEx wallets, and so on. And what I believe is we DeFi practitioners should consider very strongly to essentially bring the product where the users are. And in my opinion, the next 100 million DeFi users are in CeFi. The CeFi users are just almost ready users for DeFi. They're already crypto-educated. They understand the various coins. They understand the concept of different chains when they want to withdraw or deposit from different chains. And what we see is the CeFi players starting to expand their footprint into DeFi. And these centralized players, the sexies of the world, they want to keep basically the customers within their ecosystem. And they are telling their customers, oh, if you want to go into perps, should it be with DYDX or someone else? If you want to go into lending with Aave or someone else? We're going to facilitate all the plumbing. We're going to facilitate all the bridging by essentially facilitating and being a gateway to DeFi. So in my opinion, one of the infrastructure challenges of DeFi might be CeFi, even though it's kind of counterintuitive. Because this is where a lot of users are. This is where there is a lot of engineering which is ready to facilitate the access. And bringing the product where the users are works very well. If you look at your traditional finance experience, if you're a customer of HSBC or Citibank, they bring to you insurance. They bring to you brokerage. They bring to you FX. And it's very convenient. You don't want to open five or six accounts. So we are reinventing finance, but we're not reinventing people. People remain the same. I remain the same. A little bit lazy, I have to say. And I just want the comfort of things. So I believe all of these kind of silos between CeFi and DeFi will become more and more blurred and start to overlap. And maybe I'll close with that. Possibly the best infrastructure upgrade for DeFi might be CeFi. What do you think? I think that there's different opinions in the CeFi world about the future of centralized exchanges and whether they have a limited lifespan and that the future has to be decentralized exchanges. And we're definitely seeing that like OKX, for example, have both their centralized exchange and their DEX service. You know, I've been speaking to centralized exchanges in the sort of European and sort of Middle East space, which also have like this opinion that their centralized exchanges have limited lifespans and that they need to sort of move a lot of that on chain. And so if you look at the history of money, people keep using cash, people keep using check. There is it takes time to move all of this. So I think all of this kind of infrastructure will survive over time. I agree. It takes time. And, you know, typically we sort of get frustrated with how slow it does, but then we underestimate how big it will be eventually. That's true. But I think that, you know, users are going to demand better yield. They're going to demand cheaper access to credit. There's too many people that don't have access to these services outside of like the West, I'd say. And I think it's just naturally that there's a demand that money will find a way, right? I don't know what your view is. Yeah, I totally agree with you, Charles. I think it actually makes more sense to think of it as front end and back end, back end plus liquidity instead of C-Fi and D-Fi because the lines will be very blurred, like you said. Currently, like centralized exchanges are front end and back end together, right, which is imperfect as now the back end liquidity is going on chain. I think in the longer run, all the back end plus liquidity will be on chain now starting with the meme spot. And then later it will just be front ends routing to all of these things on chain, perps for GYDX, us, spot, Uniswap, Radium, lending. And then, you know, it'll be like Jupiter. It'll be like AI agents start on the front end. And everything powering it will be on chain. And I think that's kind of where the world is going. And the centralized exchanges will be, like you said, gateways for fiat, for KYC. And it's already happening with their own earned products, with the Web3 wallets, with even liquidity. You know, I think Robinhood is working with Uniswap. It's already happening. So it'll be a front end and back end plus liquidity infrastructure that we're looking to in the future. And I think beyond the centralized exchange, I do think, like, even into TradFi, you know, the banking system is so archaic. And, you know, I'm like, you know, doing a cross-border transfer of funds is still T plus two. And, you know, on chain is, like, going to solve so many problems for them. It is already today, 100%. And it will, you know, I just see, you know, just traditional banking start to leverage these tools as regulation comes and opens up and allows them to offer those services as well. So I think it, you know, the users, the organizations that own the users will just expand their offerings. And then we'll have disruptors come in and take some of those as well. And it'll just be very natural. Excellent. Aya and Ran, we are running out of time. Consensus Hong Kong, thank you so much for joining us in this conversation. And we look forward to the next ones. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.