 What's up y'all? How's everyone doing? You good? We're good. All right, let's get a little quick line of intros. I think this is the fun one. I think. This is the one about meme coins, right? Yeah, okay. This is definitely the fun one. You want to maybe a quick line of intros? Start with you. Sure. Hi, everyone. Alan Lau, CBO of Animoca. So we're one of the biggest investors in Web3, 600 companies in the portfolio. Quite a lot of AI, not as many memes. Very happy to talk about this today. I think everybody has heard of Animoca and Hong Kong. I mean, this is like, this is your turf. It is. You're playing home game here. It's unfair. I know. Welcome to my town, finally. We don't have to travel for a conference. Yeah, first time, right? It feels amazing. Benjamin Quinlan, CEO of Quinlan & Associates. We're a strategy consultancy specializing in financial services. We do a lot of work in the Web3 space as well, primarily on the institutional side of Web3. So this is going to be a very interesting discussion that we can unpack. I was also the former chairman of the FinTech Association of Hong Kong. And I have a lot of other roles that I hold here with government, quasi-government entities. All right, everyone. My name is Kevin. I'm the chief business officer of Gates.io. For all of you, it's like property things. Gates.io is more like a meme exchange. So like a pretty on point for the topics to date. We don't operate here in case like the SFCs like still have the people around here like sticking around. But I just want to bring good love to you guys. Let's just like a little bit more like a sharing section. I love that. Yeah. Hi, GM guys. I am me. I represent Puffverse. This is a GameFi project. So not exactly meme coin. But yeah, we'll see what the discussion is going to be about. Animoke is invested in us. We're going with Gates.io event later tonight if you want to party. We have a K-pop band later. So yeah, just here to have fun and discuss crypto. Hell yeah. I mean, yeah. Sorry. There you go. All good. Oh. Yeah, these are tough. Take two. Okay. There you go. Okay, GM, GM guys. Again, this is Miko. I represent Puffverse, a GameFi project that Animoke invested in. And we are, yeah, we're going to discuss meme coins now. And yeah, looking forward to this. So meme coins are in a funny spot, huh? Especially after the last rug. That was, you know, quite a rug. The Libra coin from the Argentina coin. And I think that they reset a lot of the table when it comes to this industry. I think it caused a lot of trouble and it hit a big reset button, right? But let me ask you. I mean, you guys have been in crypto for a long time. I think all of you. Is there a lasting market for memes for real? Because Dogecoin is, what, 10 years old now? Yeah. That one, that's the king. That's the big one of memes. But is there really a lasting market for meme coins, your opinion? Honestly, when I first hear about the topic of this talk, I'm like, isn't this kind of old why we still talk about memes? But I guess there's always surprises, right? There's always surprises. Libra and all that, right? And honestly, even the Trump coin has only been for a month, right? Wait, what? I've aged 10 years since that one. I know, it feels like 10 years, right? So if you think about what is meme coin, right, it really is asset formation around communities, right? So, you know, it's interesting you said Dogecoin has been around for many years and that's because the community is still thriving, right? I mean, they're adding meaning, they're, you know, bonding together and doing things and that's why the coins still exist, right? So, you know, I think meme coin is nothing more than, you know, asset around community and, you know, as long as the community is going, the coin will still be here. Yeah. Do you think there is a lasting word? I mean, you're from the gate side, so you guys see a lot of meme coins. Well, yeah, I've never been so wrong about a sector. It's like whenever I want to buy, there's like dumping. Whenever I want to sell, it's just like Trump happens. I guess, and I come from like a 15 years traditional finance background, right? So I was like, okay, this meme coin thing is like, what is this? But it just happened to me that when I talk to the people that invest in the meme coins, they know what they're doing. They want it quick. They want it to be like just like thematic. They don't want utilities. Like if you have a meme coin and you talk about utilities, like, all right, no, I want the one that's like quick turnover. I guess as there's like also a personal opinion and an exchange opinion. And the exchange opinion is like we are a platform to provide a fair access for everyone to buy and sell. We don't have a crystal ball like what's the next meme or meme coins going to 100 eggs. But like to have access for our users to actually invest into it is the key. So that's why we're doing it. And Ben, let me ask you because you come from the institutional side, right? Trump launches a meme coin two days before the inauguration. Wait, how many of you guys bought the Trump coin? Did you guys buy it again? How you guys made money? Then you guys shouldn't be here. You're rich now. There you go. No, but you know. Put it all back in the Libra. Oh my God. Don't even get me started on that one. So Trump launches a meme coin literally two days before he gets into the White House. What message do you think that sends to the world? I don't think it's about creating this institutional meme coin. I think it's about a recognition by Trump that people that follow what he does and support what he does are heavy investors in this space. And it's an easy mechanism to actually raise money. What signal does it send? Maybe an issue of who's more gullible. But I also think there's a mechanism in there that basically says if you back what I do, if you wrap your investment around this theme, as it is with most other themes and memes, you'll do well. And it's up to you how you want to get in or get out. I think when it comes to any discussion around a meme coin, it's pointless to talk about what they do, what utility they add. We're never going to lie to each other here. It's a complete and utter waste of time. So overall, you're in there to make a very speculative investment. You're hoping to get out at the right time, provided, as was said before, there's enough of a market to sustain that demand and ride that community. Sure. If you can get out, no problem. But for every millionaire that's made, there's a lot of people that get burnt and lose everything. What do you think? Yeah. And from a project standpoint, to see the leader of the free world launching meme coins is, well, the meme coin itself is not exactly like something that you would have like intrinsic value or something like that. But the bigger message here is that the environment has been more friendlier right now than ever before. Like if back a few years ago, we were worried about the long crypto winter, now we're here and now we are at 100k at Bitcoin and like so many opportunities to raise capital. And I think it's open season right now. But of course, you have to be cautious because there are always some cautionary tales, not just in meme coins, but with all crypto projects. So because it's open season, are you guys not a little concerned about the landscape as it is now? And the fact that everything's so quick, right? On the panel earlier, we were talking about how like, you know, like we opened with Dogecoin. Do you think there can be even another Dogecoin in this landscape? Because stuff lasts like 10 seconds. Yeah. I think it's pretty tough because people get into meme coin for community, for a chance to make money. But I think on the premise that this is a fair launch, right? That there are no major insider and all of us have lived through this, you know, about half a year ago, there's a really big backslash against VC coins, right? Because people say, I don't want, you know, VC to dump on us later on. And, you know, meme coin is supposed to be the anti of that, right? And unfortunately, with the recent couple of launches, it wasn't really the case, right? So, you know, I think people come to this for a playbook, for a chance to speculate, but it looks like the playbook wasn't really what they signed up for, right? So it's kind of hard to see how this continues. And if you look at the stats for Trump coin, yes, quite a lot of people that are early make money. But, you know, if you look at the stats, a lot of people just break even or quite a lot of people lose money as well, right? So I don't think that feels like a mass onboarding event after all. What do you guys think? Let's expand on that. Look, the reality is the crypto industry is no stranger to creating new three-letter acronyms to make and trade money. Memes are just the next evolution. It was ICOs, IEOs, NFTs. And you will always see winners or, you know, projects that come out the other side still existing. That's the fact. But a lot of things turn to absolute dog vomit. Am I concerned? No, because we've seen this again and again and again. And I think the whole premise around caveat emptor and do your own research and you make money, you make money, you lose money, you lose money. I mean, there's nothing unusual about this. But I think regulators are getting more and more aware that this is causing potential issues. But the U.S. has thrown a spanner in the works in terms of saying this is a bit more of a free-for-all. There will be a regulatory regime that comes around it. The other side with meme investing is, look, even if you look at GameStop, right? You remember that saga that happened a few years back? It's about the power of a community. A community can move markets, whether it's an intangible asset with no intrinsic value or an actual share, right? That's the power of the community. And I think people realize this. And the ability to harness this in today's digital social media age means that people have a lot more control, let's say to speak, of the way that a market may move, right? And how they participate in it. So let me ask you, Kevin, do you think this meme coin culture mania is kind of the new media? We sat here with Lockshare. They were talking about media, prediction markets, all the way. Well, that's the thing, right? So like meme as a cultural concept is not, it didn't start with meme coin, right? It didn't even start with like internet cat's pictures. It's a concept actually from 1976 when like Richard Dawkins, oh, he didn't know that. No, tell me more. It's from the book, it's from the book, The Selfish Genes, where like he's more like a biologist, talk about genes. And then he just like make a theory about like actually memes will work just like genes for DNA. But like you can propagate with like books and music and movies and now the internet, right? So it's a really old concept. And I think meme, like, well, sorry I'm saying that's because you interviewed Trump. But like President Trump is the prime example of like being a meme. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah. He's like, so his name to someone else to build a tower for him. He brought his way into Home Alone 2. It was on like WWF and like Saturday Night Knife, right? Yeah. He, everything he does make him the most powerful person in this planet. Yeah. Twice around. So I guess that's some meme values in it, I assume. Yeah. What makes a good meme? What makes you want to buy a meme? Well, I'm not really sure. Like, I guess if the charts go up. Yeah, we all like the chart to go up though. We tend to go down a lot lately. Yeah, but yeah, back to the question about memes being new media. Well, I think it's, I consider it as a part of a continuum. Like, if we go back before, like when TV was, television was newly invented, what the definition of traditional media back then was radio and newspapers. Yeah. And when TV became mainstream and, you know, national media and then the internet was on the rise, then suddenly TV is traditional media. 20 years down the line, internet might be the traditional media and there might be new ways for us to consume media. Maybe we transmit signals to each other's brains at that point. I'm not sure. But the point is, it's a continuum and right now, I guess it will ultimately depend on the people who are behind these meme coins and even the bigger crypto industry to determine, like, what role they'll have in shaping the image of the new media. Especially in conjunction with how memes and how we all communicate in social media. Some of us have even attempted to create web-free versions of social media to varying levels of success or lack thereof, to be honest. But the important thing is that we keep working, we keep moving forward, we keep exploring innovations. So I just say this from a project standpoint, I guess. I think traditional media in general is just getting crushed. And the reality is people understand that the objectivity that once stood for traditional media is no longer there. It's so bifurcated in terms of what you watch CNN on one end, Fox on the other end. It's crazy. So people have an inherent mistrust in media. And the reality is these platforms where each of us are now publishers gives the power to individuals to actually put out what they want. The big fear with that is that sometimes I feel like we have more access to information than ever before. But as a society, we're more stupid than ever before. It's unbelievable to look at the anti-intellectualism that comes with the wave of people having autonomy over what they put out and how much they can control the narrative. And it's not to say there is an absolute right and wrong of everything. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. But when what you would call contra or tangential opinion becomes mainstream because people now have the ability to drive that narrative, it's quite dangerous. I think meme is really the crystallization of that. It really is a democratization, decentralization of media. Everyone had a voice. Everyone can be media as well. But in some way, meme has always been around. It's part of culture. As Kevin was saying, it was a concept that came from the 70s. And in some ways, it's no different than a brand. You think of Hello Kitty or Mickey Mouse. These are memes as well. It's just that in the past, there's no way for you to financially participate in that except to buy a merch. But then if you buy a merch, maybe the little figurines go up in value. But meme coin is just a very direct way for you to financially participate. So that is new. And I think the pace in which cultures are created right now with social media and all that makes this memetic moment much more possible. Whereas in the past, you just look at, you just watch NBC or CNN. For your news, everyone now go on TikTok and they create this explosive memetic moment, which now has a possibility of asset formation in the form of meme coin. What were you saying, Kevin? No, it's like there's a CNN and there's Fox and there's rock radio. There's rock radio. But even rock radio was a meme or is a meme. Like everything starts, I feel like it starts as a meme and then you become a brand or not. And that's when the thing dies. Like we started rock radio as a joke. It was like, oh, rock, rock radio. It's a rock radio. You know, whatever. It was funny as fuck. It's first. And then it became this whole serious thing and here we are. You know, I think they made it pretty big, which was interesting. But I'm just fascinated by this thing because now it's like, do you guys think we're pushing it too far now? Like I've been having this, like we're in a weird time, right? It's a weird time to have this panel after what just happened to this industry a few days ago. You have the president of Argentina that literally just rugged $100 million. Him, his team, whoever the hell is, like they're all complicit. Now what? Like now what? Like at what point is it enough or is it too much? And at what point are regulators going to be involved? Like regulators are not involved anymore at all. Like they said, okay, we're done. Like, you know, SEC is kind of like torn apart. Gensler's out. 50 lawyers from the SEC were fired. I think the head of them was assigned to the IT department actually. True story. So at what point is it enough? Like at what point do you say, yo, like we need to be a little more careful with this? This is a challenge. Regulation's not out. It depends on the jurisdiction. So if you come to Hong Kong, regulation is very much in vogue. Yeah. And it's quite intense. It's very hard to get regulated in a market like Hong Kong. What's the byproduct? There's no volumes here. There's no liquidity in a market like Hong Kong on domestic exchanges. People inherently in this industry want to operate in unregulated exchanges. They want things to be as liberal and free as possible. As soon as you put too many rules around it, it creates this outflow of liquidity from an ecosystem. So this is the constant issue that Web3 and crypto has to grapple with. The more you regulate, the more flow will go to unregulated entities and institutions. How do you solve for that? At the end of it, you just got to let people manage their own wealth. I mean, sometimes I do feel protections are necessary, but there are certain individuals you would just never be able to convince not to touch certain asset classes. And then if they lose everything as a result, so be it, right? That's why I also think you need to wait for the pendulum to swing back, right? You know, the thing is, in politics, you get the politician that you deserve. I think it's the same here. You get the projects that you deserve in Web3. If people still want to trade meme coin with the kind of regulatory framework and with the kind of disclosure and with the fairness that is the status quo right now, then we get the coins that we deserve, right? So I think the pendulum needs to shift and it's taking time, but I feel the moment is close. I agree, but like what kind of disclosure do you put on a meme coin, right? As a regulator? Right. This coin is not worth it. It's more about the mechanism, right? Sure, sure, sure. There's a mechanism, Dutch auction, right? I agree with that. I agree with that. But the actual, like the warning to a particular... No, there's no financial... Well, I mean, part of the beauty was there's nothing to it, right? There's nothing to it, yeah. But that was easier, I feel, when meme coins were actually memes. And fair launches, right? Like we were talking, we started with about Dogecoin. To a certain extent, even a Trump coin felt more fair than a lot of the... Yeah, at least the rules are clear, right? I mean, they said 80% held up. 80% is locked. Right, yeah. The rest is free for all. Here's a CA, it's launched. But now it's like there's so much going on, different groups, snipers, bots. It's just so much going on, you know. Do you guys think, Kevin, actually, do you think maybe one day like AI generated meme coins are going to overtake? Is there like an AI overlord? There was all AI mania, right, recently? Yeah, what makes you think that the memes that we have today is not already AI curated, right? I mean, I'm pretty sure like TikTok's actually like intentionally making everyone dumber, as you said. Dumber and number about like what you actually see and what you actually slide through or like swipe through. Yeah. And, you know, it's come to a point where like, yeah, AI is good, but like AI can make things worse for like collectively like human beings being much dumber. Is this already happening? I don't know. I'm not the smart guys on this panel. But yeah, but like we're still early in like in terms of like AI. What we can do, what I can actually see is like in a few years time, if we're making fun about AI and we're trying to make discrimination about like the AI. Like AI content should be like filter everything. It will come back and bite us. Like we will be canceled just because like we're discriminating AI because we want the AI right in like 10, 15 years time. Yeah. Yeah. So be careful with that. So like. Yeah, don't be AI phobic. Stop kicking the Boston Dynamics robot. Yeah. That video will come back to you. Yeah. What do you think? Do you think it's going to be an AI takeover in this meme space? Because like in gaming, there's a lot, right? Yeah. Yeah. Gaming and AI. Well, in our case, for instance, for our game, which is PuffGo, we currently support both user generated content and AI generated content. What we found is that while AI generated content is good at augmenting the parts that are not exactly being thought of from the user perspective, the user generated content is still more creative. So there's still a lot of runway for AI to be able to launch tokens. And aside from that, I think what AI can impact is the actual trading, I guess. Because I mean, the AI, meme coins, whether they're human made or AI made, they're $0 until someone buys it at $1 and then it cascades into whatever happens with coins, I guess. But when AI comes into the picture and trades these tokens like algorithmically, automatically, that's probably something interesting as well. Not just in the meme coins part, but also in crypto assets in general. So yeah, that's how I see it. So in terms of the cycle, outside of just memes, because I feel like we can talk about memes all we want, but at some point, I think most people here really got a good grasp on what they are and what the good ones are and whatnot. But I'll ask you guys at the end to give us a little tip. But where do you think we are at this stage in this cycle? After a few rugs, usually you're like, there's exhaustion. I think the market's a little tired or wants something new. It feels like after last rugs, people want VC tokens again, dude. Good for you guys. But where do you think we are in this cycle? A lot of executive order has been signed just a month ago. It's going to take 180 days, right? It's a cycle. A lot of positive headlines, man. We had a lot of real positive news coming out that's not just an idea or a promise. But right now, we're in a bit of that vacuum. So for us, it's heads down, building good projects that actually solve some problems, right? I think hopefully then we'll be able to catch that wave when all that good news comes. So are we still early? We're in a little bit of a vacuum right now. Yeah. You think late stage, mid stage, early stage? Come on, make a call. You're in a mocha. You know everything. I think we're going to be quiet. I'm not even sure we're at the bottom right now. We're going to be quiet for a while. Yeah. A couple of months. Sharp. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think? Well, crypto is always characterized by what I would call mini hyper cycles. Yeah. There's no such thing as a normal macro cycle in the world of Web3. It's crazy. Yeah. But the structural growth story, I'm very, very cognizant of the fact that the structural growth story continues to be there and will continue to come into play. There will be more users. There will be more use cases coming out. I think when it comes to meme coins, you're now seeing at least some open mindedness to work out. Can these pivot to be payment related? Like, can we do something else with them, attach a utility function? I think it's a waste of time. It's not going to go anywhere in my view. But this is like the last grab at hope to say beyond just being a speculative meme, can we tie this into a real world use case? I think there's plenty of other crypto assets out there that will achieve that in a much better fashion. So, again, these will continue to be regulated to what I would call hype cycles. And when the next hype cycle occurs, it just gets shorter and shorter and shorter and shorter. So it could be in another six months or, you know, a week. I don't know. That's how fast these things move. Yeah. I think there was a lot. It's what, 40,000 per day or something like that? Yeah. Is it around those? It's like 600,000 last month. Fuck. 600,000? I only bought 100,000 of them. I'm playing. Even I got tired of it and I love this shit. You know what I mean? It just becomes... What do you think, Kevin? I mean, you see you guys over at Gate, man. You see a lot of them come and go. Yeah. Well, I guess... Well, I want to say like 95% of meme cons shit. But there's... 99... Only 95. Higher. Higher. Yeah. Well, no, no. The 95 is always the number I go with. It's not about meme cons. It's about everything, right? Yeah. We don't need 50 different solutions for layer one. We need two or three, right? We don't need 300 Web3 Gamings a year. We need five good games. So that's just number that I'm going with. But go back to that, right? Yeah. And if we think the market can actually digest five to ten meme cons, do the number backwards. Like how many meme cons you should launch a year that's actually of quality and make up that 100%. And that number definitely not like whatever 600,000 or like 4 million in the last two months. So I guess we... Like in terms of the cycles, we have to filter a lot of noise and focusing on the... Even the 95% and the 5% and the rest is not even in the percentage. They shouldn't even be discussed. I'll have a different... Quite different perspective on that. Well, I think... Well, ultimately meme coins are just like a part of a bigger segment of... You know, a fundraising activity, so to speak. It's easy... It's not really easy to raise money, but for those who manage to get their token up successfully, the next and bigger challenge would be to sustain that and build something out of a meme, I guess. So we've seen that happen in Dogecoin. Like it started as a... Well, to round it up quite well. Well, Dogecoin started as this meme and then just there's a community that revolves around... That converged around that meme coin and they found uses for Dogecoin, but they had time. Right now, what we're seeing in the... Sorry, sorry. What we're seeing in the crypto cycle right now is that things are getting rushed too much, but the real value comes from building over time. Yeah. So it ultimately depends on what do you do with the meme coin money that you've raised that will determine if your meme coin is shit or if it means something. I love that. Last question for each of you. Non-financial advice, of course. Okay, everyone. Gone to your head. Hypothetical. You have to pick one meme coin. What do you buy? Let the other guys answer first. Come on. We're launching our token in the next few months. I can't be biased, you know. Come on, man. Give us one. What's your favorite one? In the context of crypto, anything that has longevity, I tend to be a lot more comfortable with. So Doge, Shiba. But I'm waiting for the Frank Mueller. Yeah, one Frank token. Yeah. I see them at every conference too. They were out in Japan and everything. A Lambo coin, a Pro coin, anything. Again, it represents what the culture of this is. Around the brand, yeah. Exactly. Okay, I see. What about you, Alan? Yeah, maybe go back to the basic. Like, let's think. Oh, D-O-G, like Doge, right? But it's crazy, right? I was talking about a Doge dividend. Did you hear that yesterday? Right? Yeah. I don't know. Maybe like some Dogecoin. Bitwise literally has an ETF rolling out for Dogecoin. Okay, so two Doges so far. What about you, Kevin? I feel like you're going to have a good one for us. Listen to me, right? So, again, I've been a trader all my life. I need to hash my bet. So, I would create my own meme coin. It's called Anti-Meme, which is going to be a basket of like all the short pervs on like all the memes. So, when the memes goes down, my values goes up. And if memes goes up, well, I'm still a meme coin, so I goes up. Is it getting listed on Gate soon? Yeah, I have to talk to my own listing team. Like, I don't have a professional. I have an answer now. Oh, you have an answer now. What is it? Yeah, pretty easy. You heard it here first. Oh, yeah. I love that. Well, listen, guys, thank you very much for this panel. I thought it was very insightful and a lot of fun. So, shout out to the panelists here. Thank you for having us. Thank you. Cheers. "'Town' to the meiner "'Eует to the зна pi'