 Music Alright, the one and only Yetsu everybody. So the title of this panel is Fighting for Digital Property Rights. And I gotta say, sometimes it really does feel like a fight. One of the things that I love about you Yat is you are an eternal optimist. I feel like you're a guiding light, like this beacon of hope for our industry. We all look to you to find some kind of inspiration. Like when it feels like all this shit is going down, like where do we go from here? And before we dive into our real chat, which was really about an update on your thesis for the Open Metaverse, can we just address the giant, giant elephant in the room which you've been tweeting about, Libra. So, do you want to give us a bit of an update? You posted on Twitter, or X I should say, about what's got down there. And what I really liked about this post was that you gave us, I think, five really clear points in terms of what needs to happen to clean up this industry. But give us the context and how you got involved with this whole thing. Well, so thank you. It's great to be here. And I think it's just wonderful to see consensus here in Hong Kong. Yes. I live in Hong Kong. I love Hong Kong. So, great to see that. Yeah. So, that's kind of the first point. I would say, you know, for those of you who are not familiar, you know, obviously there was this whole scandal about how the president of Argentina is apparently implicated in the launch of a token called Libra. But really, the revelation in an interview with CoffeeZilla and Hayden, basically, of the market maker, was all of the type of sort of insider dealings and so on that took place. And, of course, one can take it in the meme coin space. And, you know, what I was upset about was the fact that we've come so far from where we were. We have institutional adoption for Web3, blockchain, crypto, tokens. There's a broader understanding what it means to be for tokenizations and RWAs. And then you have this kind of shit going on, right? Yeah. However, you know, so to me, though, it's a lesson, right? Which means that people need to understand when you do meme coins, understand that this is not a fair game that is completely rigged and that you have to be mindful of what you're doing. The second thing, of course, is that you need to look for projects that have real builders looking to do real things. One of the, in fact, you could argue that the last year was tough for industry, not because of what happened recently, but because much of the liquidity for serious builders was sucked into meme coins that were really just for speculation as opposed to for something that was building real value. And again, I have nothing against meme coins. They do build community and it can be fun. But, you know, clearly what's been going on was no longer fun. It was absolute sort of sort of really, really scam, right? Right. And but but what's positive is that when you take a look at the ICO phase in 2017, 2018, a lot of people exited from crypto broadly. Right. And when you looked at FTX, right, this was not that long ago. Right. And Terra Luna, you know, we had like, you know, eight to ten billions, like billions of dollars of liquidations and the market tanked. Yeah. But now, starting with Trump, which was really a vampire attack on altcoins, Melania and then Libra and the tariffs. We've had basically over ten billion dollars of liquidations and Bitcoin is still close to 100K. Right. So that tells to that to me is a max bullish sign. It's it means that we have sort of reached a certain kind of resilience or these type of so-called systemic shocks that would have set our industry back years, five years ago, actually kind of don't really matter in the bigger scheme of things. The other thing, which is also one thing, is that the people who generally got hurt, which is unfortunate. And of course, you don't want to wish this on anyone, is that they were mostly people who are already in the inside scheme, meaning they were the crypto bros. Right. And so in one hand, you know, so broad retail didn't get hurt. People outside the ecosystem, unlike Terra Luna or FTX, innocent people who didn't know what they were doing didn't get hurt. So it's a slightly different tinge to this. But but I think the bright side is, of course, focus on the real projects that are out there. Market proof to be resilient. And and all of us can now actually focus on the real stuff. So so I'm positive about it. Yeah, just before we move on from that, I'd love to really understand how you reconcile that, because you've always been such an advocate for community and culture on chain. And I think advocates for mean coins would say that they're a fantastic representation of that. But now we really are seeing it go down a challenging path where you're saying that the game isn't fair and there's a lot at risk. Yeah, seeing these so that actors come into the space like the understanding of the meme coin narrative was around the so-called fair launch. Yeah. And in the beginning, the fair launch made sense. You could also argue, by the way, that Bitcoin is the genesis of the fair launch. Right. You're basically mining with your computer or your PC and you get a certain amount of Bitcoin when you do that. Everyone does it at the same time on day one. That's basically how you create the rules of the game. Yeah. And what's powerful about blockchain and why digital property rights work so well there is that there are certain aspects of the rule of the rules of the game that are all the way. The rules of the game that are on chain. Now, why does Hong Kong work as an economy so well and is amongst the top GDPs? Because the rules of the game are set. You can't steal. You can do businesses in a way that your tax rate is certain. You know, it may be a little boring, a little bit bureaucratic, but you have certainty. Right. And that certainty means that we're all playing across the same rules of the game. And the power of blockchain is that I can transact with you or anyone in this room without knowing who you are. But the rules of the game are the same. If I give you a Bitcoin, it's your Bitcoin. I can't just take it away, for instance. Right. Or there's something in a smart contract. What is a smart contract? A smart contract is essentially the establishment of the rules of a game of engagement, whether it's for NFTs or games, that doesn't matter. Right. What happened here is no different than FTX. The rules of the game were not transparent. FTX, straight theft. But here it was basically people sniping, not telling people what they were doing, creating an illusion of safety and an illusion of fairness that was always a lie. Right. And that is the part that we can fix with blockchain. So that means meme coins aren't dead. It just means new platforms will emerge that will give you the certainty of that transparency and they will come back in a new and better way. And we kind of have to go through these cycles to say to do that. And it's unfortunate. But also now, because of regulation coming in, basically, you're going to say this is what you can do and this is what you can't do. And, you know, I'm a big believer that the justice in this area will be swift and fast because this is so open and so blatant that I don't think the parties involved are going to get away with it. And that's the other thing. You know, my previous thesis was because of FTX, crime would be harder because it's out in the open and the sense of what happens to you. Right. You know, nobody's going to do what SPF did. Now you have a different type of crime. But after that, I don't think it's going to happen that way anymore because, you know, everyone's going to realize that's bad. And the consequences need to be dire enough for you never to do that again. Got it. So talking about cycles, you recently published an essay, also an opinion piece on Cointelegraph, I think. And it was about an update to the TED talk that you did in 2022, right? 2023. Yeah, right. April. Thank you. Yeah. And it was around your thesis for the Open Metaverse. But when I was reading it, I got this sense that you had maybe enjoyed some scrutiny around that. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. And I kind of feel that that was really painful for you. But reading this update, it sounded like you were more bullish than ever. So can you explain just what's happened over that period? And what do you think is the state of digital property rights now? Yeah. So when I gave the talk at TED in 23, you have to remember, FTX happened in November of 22. Yeah. You know, Bitcoin was like down to like 15, 16K. It was bad. I saw you in Manila in November when it just happened. Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty nasty. I was the only guy on TED stage talking about crypto. And, you know, everyone else was talking about AI, right? That guy. I was that guy. And most people in the room didn't understand what the metaverse was because in their mind, metaverse was meta, as in 50. Yeah. So there was that clarification as well. And the reason why I wrote this article was really as a way, not just for vindication and validation, but also to indicate when I gave that talk, what happened? So in 23, you know, DAOs, Decentralized Autonomous Organization, had about $12 billion of value, which already was quite big back then. And the entire ecosystem was maybe one and a half, maybe less, a little less than one and a half trillion dollars in size, for instance. Mm-hmm. And then when I wrote after that, you know, we're now at over $3 trillion, right? DAOs have like $20 to $30 billion of value locked in them that are governed. And this is the other thing. They're governed. You know, back in 23, it was about 3 million people that ended up governing, you know, these DAOs. Today, it's 11 million people. Wow. So you have basically, you know, three. And like, work just happened throughout a band market as well. Exactly. Exactly. Now you have three times the number of people who can have control over $20 to $30 billion of assets, just naming any kind of ecosystem in the world, private, public, whatever, where you can do that. I mean, we can vote on things in government, like Switzerland, you can vote in your canton, sure, but not at that scale and not with that type of freedom and not with that type of, I guess, libertarian ideals, right? So that's really empowering, right? And I wanted people to know that because, you know, now, especially in the advent of institutional era of crypto, where you have, you know, Bitcoin ETFs, Ethereum ETFs, BlackRock, you know, Fidelity, all those guys coming into the space as well, you know, where have we come and where will we go? And to me, why this is so bullish is because we've gone through such a really tough winter, right, over many cycles, and yet we're stronger and bigger than ever. And this comes down to the last point I was making, which is that, you know, we had this issue with, you know, the Argentine president's sort of implicated token, but at the end of the day, we are still here and we're stronger than ever. I mean, you look at the energy in the conference, you know, it's not like... It's really vibrant. Yeah. I mean, I remember when we were in some of the sort of those days, it was crickets in the room, okay? It was like, you know, like five people in an empty hall type of thing. And now we don't have that. So again, there's resiliency. And that means that when you take a... You know, when you just compare it from one month to the other, it might look bad. But when you macro out, actually, the longer you zoom out, the more optimistic it gets. And that's basically the lens we've always taken. We've taken that macro perspective. More people care about that. They want to have digital sovereignty. They care about owning the assets. They're starting to understand quantitative easing. When that came out, people didn't realize the impact of inflation. Everyone feels the impact of inflation today. Everyone wants to find a way in which they can protect their assets. And now the next level of digital property rights is around defining what is the value of it. And this is where we come to things like the network theory around basically network effects. And again, that's the next level. So we started talking about sort of, you know, what is the network effect and why is that valuable? How can you define sort of something that seems sort of something you can't capture? But that's what intellectual property is. Imagine what the music industry would be like if we didn't have IP rights. No Michael Jackson, no Beatles, no Taylor Swift. It wouldn't be possible. Because everyone would just be taking music and stealing and doing that kind of stuff because you can't protect your work. IP rights is the original virtual property rights. It's not digital. It's legal. But it's a virtual property right. It's not a house. It's not something physical. It's something virtual that you created with your imagination and with your ingenuity. And it had to be protected. Blockchain scales that. That means even if I have something that has, you know, makes $10 a year, but it's an intellectual property right, it becomes a capital asset as an NFT. I don't have to hire a lawyer to make it protected. I can make an NFT out of it. So companies are protecting, individuals are protecting their dance moves or their educational content as a way to prove that I was the inventor of that. So it just opens up all sorts of creative endeavors around property rights. Let me push back a little bit. As I said, I love that you are the eternal optimist and always see, you know, the guiding light forward. But I wrote an opinion piece recently for CoinDesk, which was about the fact that in the Blockchain Game Alliance annual survey and report, blockchain gaming professionals across the board said that the number one benefit that is brought to gaming is digital property rights. Ownership, that's right. And yet, those same people were saying that a lot of them were obfuscating the Web3 elements from their games because it's so difficult to onboard new users. A lot of them are kind of pushing back against it. You know, it's a massive point of friction and other people just don't really understand it. So they were kind of like making a lot of the Web3 elements optional or at least kind of fitting them in later down the track if players have to interact with them at all. And I was wondering what you think about that because I think everyone agrees with the thesis. They get it. Like property rights are incredibly important. It's the basis of a prospering society. But it's kind of hard to implement a lot of these technologies or actually get real users to take it on and care about it. So maybe if we go to a smaller community before we go into gaming and I'll address that. And if you have NFT holders, whether it's Pudgy Penguins, Mochaverse or Bored Apes, you know, those type of collections are the ones who truly appreciate property rights. These have market values, you know, and, you know, maybe they're not billions, but hey, hundreds of millions, still pretty wild when you think about it, right? So from that context, you have these communities that value them and they respect it and they own it and they do stuff with it. But they're smaller as a basis. They're really much more closer to, you know, sort of Kevin Kelly's vision of a thousand true fans. Those thousand true fans that you have that you build and you grow from. So what has been gaming's challenge? Gaming's challenge has been that it's a Web 2 business model trying to fit into Web 3 as supposed to be natively Web 3. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So when you go natively Web 3, you start with the NFT. You start with a user that appreciates the property versus a Web 2 game that tries to obfuscate it, which works from an adoption standpoint. But you don't get the same effect because they don't really understand why they're here. Right? And so here's the thing. A Web 3 user's ARPU is 30, 40, 50x than that of a Web 2 user. Because a Web 2 user in a freemium business model is mostly free. And then, you know, it's a less than 2% conversion rate on average. It's 1.5% as an industry average that converts into paying user. But a true Web 3 user is always a paying user. So that means if you have 100,000 Web 3 users, that's the equivalent of millions and millions of Web 2 users. So there's this aspect that you have to sort of contemplate that the business models and the thinking is at fault. Now, let's look at where Web 3 gaming is. In December, it was about 6.6 million daily active players. Not bad at all. Okay? I mean, you know, like if you're talking about it. So that's one. Well, in terms of when you're saying like how far we've come as well, the numbers are huge. I remember writing about Axie when it was 500 DAU. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. We invested in Axie when it, I think, reached 1,000 users or something. Yeah. And it was like, whoa! Exactly. And also we invested in OpenSea when it had the first million dollars of total sales. Yeah. Right? And now NFTs are doing close to a billion a month. Right? Yeah. So that's kind of part of that evolution. But I think also the combined market cap in tokens for the gaming ecosystem is about 16 to 18 billion dollars. Right? So yeah, it's not 300 billion or 200 billion that the industry size is. But from where it was before, it's doing incredibly well. Now, I think there's a little bit of this sort of user envy that some people in the industry have. They look at that and they say, oh, this game has 10 million users. I wish I had that too. But the industry doesn't need 10 million users to be sustainable. Look at Axie Infinity. At the end of the day, hundreds of thousands of loyal active players create that because the economies in the Web3 game, the true economies, are much more like a nation. Right? And, you know, Axie and SkyMavis team often talks about the community as that of a nation, the Axie nation as they describe it. And that's what you have. And now imagine you have a village or a city that has 200,000 people. In China, it's a village. But in Europe, it's a city. Right? So depending which perspective you take. Right? And you create economies where they trade their assets and they build new stuff. The beautiful thing about blockchain is its composability. Yeah. Which is why when you look at, for instance, the evolution of Axie Infinity is a Ronin blockchain. And the Ronin blockchain created a framework where others can build and compose on top of that and do that. And then you have distribution that was getting better last year with Ton. Right? We really backed the Ton ecosystem because this is close to a billion users that you can now address. But remember, Apple, Facebook, and Google, and Steam were actively blocking Web3 content. So this wasn't just because the games in itself. It was the distribution vectors. Like today, if you launch an NFT-based game on Apple, you cannot have utility for the NFT. Exactly. Yeah. So this will go away eventually. Yeah. But this is a type of monopolistic practices that take place. That hurts the industry. Do you think it will really go away? What sort of timeline do you think before a- I think, well, first of all, we haven't, you know, the narrative fit in the past because of what was going on in politics in the US. But now under pro-crypto administration in the US, right, if someone wants to come up, you know, on the same freedom-based principles. Remember, Epic couldn't get their app back on the US App Store, but they could release payments. Right? So Apple basically had to give up their monopoly on payments on the App Store. And now this is where the next step comes in. All someone has to do is make a pretty articulated complaint. And eventually, I would imagine under this administration that, you know, if you're still blocking NFTs, under certain antitrust and anti-monopolistic practices, I totally imagine that Apple might be forced to open up. Right? Just to make sure that you have essentially fair competitive practice. So I think that's one area if they don't just generally open up. But the other thing to bear in mind is Web3 and tokens generally have been really, I think of them as a kind of open poly market of an indicator of the world. I love that. So, you know, and this is actually why I like meme coins. Not the type of Libra, Trump coin type of stuff, but some of the early ones because they were indicators of where our attention was. Yeah. So, you know, I became really cool with my kids because I knew about Chill Guy. But I didn't know about Chill Guy because I'm on TikTok. Yeah, yeah. I knew about Chill Guy because of the token, right? Yeah. And so this, you know, why is Trump token popular? Because it's where the attention was at that moment in time. Some of that attention is five or ten minutes. Some of that attention is for months. Some of our attention is more eternal, you know, like other type of meme coins, for instance. And they give you an indication of where that market is. That is to say that our space has always been narrative driven from a token standpoint. Why have AI agents last year? Like, you know, John Jordan wrote this sort of lamenting piece, game tokens are down and AI agents are up. You know, he's all pessimistic about it. But what has the… He's pessimistic about a lot of things. Yeah, exactly. That's why I love him. Yes, yes. But the broader industry has been talking about what for the last two years? AI. Yeah, yeah. Not even just Web3, just broadly, right? So it's not a surprise that, of course, we're pro-AI and we're investing in this space, but agentic AI and AI themes have been rising, right? But gaming hasn't been rising as a theme. Gaming post-COVID has been broadly flat. Yeah. User growth hasn't been there. This year, we think we're really bullish on gaming because there's two major events that will drive it. GTA 6 and Nintendo Switch 2. How many people here know or have played GTA 6 or GTA 5, I mean, right? Yeah, okay, fine. How many people here believe they're going to buy a new console just because they get to play GTA 6, right? Or have friends? Basically, you're going to get a whole bunch of people that are basically just going to adopt and buy hardware. Yeah. And the Nintendo and GTA hasn't had a new title in almost eight years. Switch hasn't launched a new console in basically eight years. So this is going to be a big year. And so the narrative will come in, the attention will come in, and the funding will come in, and the whole space will sort of accelerate in growth as well. Having said that, Web3 Gaming, again, zoom out. Yeah. Take a look at where we were with NFTs and Web3 Gaming over the last sort of three to five years, and it's basically just growth. And I think Web3 Gaming is what's going to be driving gaming broadly, especially indie studios. Well, I love that so much because I think there's been so much FUD about Web3 Gaming, but I completely agree with you. It's still the most interesting area of the entire blockchain ecosystem for me. Now, unfortunately, I think they're going to start playing the music and drag us off the stage. So we are at time. We're going to have to wrap it here. Thank you, Yash. Thank you. The eternal optimist. The eternal optimist.