 Music All right. Everyone, we're here to talk about the biggest meme coin in the world, Trump. Well, not quite a meme coin. We actually are going to talk about Donald Trump. We're going to be talking today about the 2024 election in the United States and its consequences on crypto. It's a huge topic. And here discussed with me is a preeminent expert on all things macro, former TradFi and current Chief Commercial Officer at Oros. Jason, why don't you give yourself a bit of a bio? Thanks, David. Hey, everyone. I'm the Chief Commercial Officer at Oros. We're a global market maker, liquidity provider. You probably have traded against us at some point in the markets. We're on the bid and the ask of all major centralized and decentralized venues, providing liquidity across all markets so that everyone can have a frictionless, cheap, and reasonable way to trade crypto and access the market. And that accessibility is really part of our mission, making sure that the world can trade crypto in a fair, equitable, ethical manner, providing liquidity in the best way possible. Speaking of liquidity, even the water here is called flow. So we've got everything going for us. All right. So let's dig straight in. Last year around this time, the market was moving very much sideways. We didn't see much movement until, well, it turns out pretty late in the year. Prediction markets, even as far as as soon as October, early October, predicting that Kamala Harris would win the presidency. And crypto markets were responding by once again trading sideways. But as it looked like Donald Trump was more likely to win, we started seeing Bitcoin price rise and with that the overall market increase. And then, of course, Trump did win in a relative landslide. And when that occurred, markets started screaming. First, from your perspective, then we're going to dig into kind of the consequence of that. As a market maker, what were you seeing in terms of trades and flows, both with institutional and with retail? Yeah, so the view that we have on the market and the things that we work on allow us to see pretty early the sentiment shift. So we start we talk to a lot of projects. We talk to a lot of foundations. We talk to a lot of teams that are thinking about issuing tokens. And we started to see a real pickup in interest for people to reenter that area of the market that had been, as you point out, trading sideways. So if Bitcoin is a barometer of overall market sentiment, as that started to rise, you also started to see founders start to reengage with the exchanges. They started reaching out to us to talk to our exchange partners and understand the listing process again. And it was something that we hadn't seen through most of the middle part of last year. There was obviously that spike up at the start of the year. But ultimately, the market had been caught in this. Well, we have the ETF now and what's next? And with Kamala Harris potentially winning the US presidential election, there wasn't a lot of optimism and not a lot of reason to engage. So really, when we started to see market shift and we've seen this before, even during the first Trump presidency, as soon as it starts to look like he was going to win, things change very, very quickly. And we saw that firsthand. What we also observed was how quickly liquidity was starting to get eaten up. And it really pointed to the fact that as markets have grown and institutional adoption has started, liquidity has become even more important. And if you understand that liquidity sits as the lifeblood of all of the industry and allows people to trade and different participants to trade in different sizes. Well, we've certainly seen enormous flows in since since Trump was elected. And this is even before he was actually instantiated in office, which, of course, occurred in January. But the Bitcoin ETFs were approved in January of 24. We saw some early successes. BlackRock and the others were saying that this was kind of the most successful ETF launch they've ever had. Yes. But it didn't seem to have much of a material impact on the market until Trump was president. Is it because he was elected or is it for other reasons? Let's be transparent. So the two things you did see around $10 billion of inflows into the Bitcoin ETF, taking it to around $120, $130 billion, I believe. So a decent amount of speculative top up that came because of Trump. So you can attribute some of that to him. The reason that we haven't seen sort of the continuation of the success that we saw in Q1 of last year is that institutional flows are larger, slower, and they have a higher bar to clear to invest. What does that mean? Institutional flows are slower. Why are they slower and who do we mean by institutions? Institutions like sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, people that are managing real money, like actual people's life savings. And you might have a firefighter's pension fund. Their bar to invest is much, much higher than say my personal investment bar or a hedge funds bar or family offices bar. And as you have to clear those hurdles, they're thinking about things like how long has an asset been around? It's almost like how we think about DeFi. It's stress tested. How long has Aave been around? Well, it hasn't been hacked in how many years, therefore it should be relatively safe. They think about it in a similar way. This ETF was new. They needed to see adoption. They needed to see evidence, real world evidence of flows going in. And I know that's a bit of a chicken and egg problem, but as they see that happen over the course of the year, those flows start to pick up. And you saw that with Trump coming in, we went from $110 billion to $120 billion really quickly. Yeah. It shows that they are there and ready and some of those investment hurdles have started to be cleared. There are other barriers to entry for them as well. We can get into them, but to go back to what I was mentioning before, liquidity becomes really important. They have to look at an asset and say, can I deploy the size that I need to deploy? They're not putting in a few million dollars here and there. We're talking about trillions of dollars of net aggregate assets that could come in. They need liquidity. And even Bitcoin at what, two plus trillion dollars in value today isn't prepared for trillions to enter the market. Not yet. Exactly. But let's not talk about that right now. Let's talk about, again, Donald Trump coming into office. Let's focus on this. So he comes in. He says, I'm going to go and appoint a crypto council. I'm going to appoint a crypto czar. He says, I'm going to go and clean up the SEC. I'm going to go and essentially reformat CFTC as well and every other regulator, the OCC. And he did. Yes. There's an essentially fully Republican CFTC, SEC, OCC and all the other major regulators. And the crypto council. The crypto council seems to be happening in some format. So he's fulfilled his promises at least thus far. Yes. Markets have not really responded. So it seems as effusively as you would have anticipated. At least I would have anticipated. Why? So there's two sides to the coin. One is that he went and enacted the starting volley of what he has to do to move down that path. But it takes time. And crypto markets notoriously have short attention spans, move extremely quickly. Crypto people are ADD? No way. No way. I've lost some people already in the audience, I'm sure. But no, it's such a fast moving industry that our expectations are also much, much higher. We change and innovate constantly. And at the end of the day, Donald Trump is the president of the United States in Washington. As much as Elon and Trump are trying to change things, it's still Washington for now. And they will change how it works and it will move faster over time. But that won't happen overnight. And markets are impatient. So when announcements are made that aren't, I'm going to buy Bitcoin using taxpayer dollars for strategic reserve now, right now, press the button. People are disappointed. But it hasn't happened yet, right. And even the new SEC chair has not been confirmed yet. The new CFTC appointee, I should say, has not been confirmed or nominee has not been confirmed yet. So it's true. There's a kind of a slower cycle. It's a lag effect, yeah. A lag effect. So maybe that's partially to blame. Yes. The other side of the coin that I'd want to touch on is Donald Trump is Donald Trump. So lock in for the next four years, it's going to be volatile. And volatility is a double-edged sword. You're talking about macro volatility. Macro volatility. Okay. Like the tariffs, the trade wars. Exactly. So like people were disappointed he didn't announce enough pro-crypto action at that moment in time. And then at the same time, in the other part of his presidency, he's now picking fights around the world with tariffs, which is arguably a valid approach. Depends on your views on the matter. But at the end of the day, it's going to lead to more volatility. And going back to the investor bar to clear for a lot of these pension funds, real money funds, sovereign wealth funds, they can't be investing in assets that have such extreme volatility. You know, it's funny. Bitcoin used to be discussed as essentially something that was, well, going to run counter to macro markets. Yes. And equities went down, Bitcoin would go up. Yes. Doesn't seem to be the case. Yeah. That changes as it becomes institutionalized, right? Like when it's a speculative hedge or it's a flight to risk or a flight to safety, assets can change in their dynamic over time as to what they represent. No asset is static. It's dynamic in its profile. It's dynamic in its understanding. People are understanding as the world shifts what Bitcoin can represent as a store of value asset that could be, you know, part of the financial system going forward. So I'm a proud American. And I love the fact that I won't necessarily lose a bank account again. So Waxman, my company, was debanked by Chase a few years ago back in 2018. Why? Because we were in crypto. So I'm not going to have that problem again, so it seems, in the United States. And consequently, I would think as an entrepreneur and other entrepreneurs, we'll be able to do things like hire in America. Yes. Like set up business in America. Raise capital in America. Yes. And it should have, I would hope, some sort of beneficial effect on kind of the crypto industry in the U.S. From your perspective, looking at this as, again, a macro strategist, do you see there being an additional concentration of crypto talent, liquidity, capital in the United States moving forwards? Like undoubtedly, the U.S. is the biggest market in the world for a reason. Like ignoring crypto for a second, it is the place where people want to do business. Consumers spend more. It's the market. And so it's definitely going to suck in a lot of liquidity and capital and investment and good talent. And that's great for the industry because we'll see a lot more innovation coming out of the U.S., which has time and time again proven itself to be the global innovator. Like Silicon Valley exists for a reason. Yeah. That's going to continue. And we're going to see that in crypto. So that's great for the industry. The other side of the equation there is that that talent is going to come from somewhere and that capital is going to come from somewhere. Right. So it's a bit of a, to a certain extent, a zero sum game. Yes. So, I mean, people are going to, are they going to leave Hong Kong and leave Singapore? Are they going to leave Malta? So that's the question that regulators in Hong Kong, Singapore, Malta, the Middle East have to start thinking now. In the last two or three years with the U.S. administration being, let's call it crypto hostile, or at least not clear on whether they were going to be crypto hostile or not. Which is tacitly hostile. Which is tactically hostile, for sure. In that scenario, people couldn't invest in the U.S. and deploy talent there or capital there. So these regulators in Asia were able to take their time because there was no competition. Now there's competition. We're about to see true capitalism at work. Where the best talent is, where the best capital is, that will be where innovation happens. And the decision that Hong Kong, Singapore, the Middle East, Malta have to decide is how much risk they want to take to make themselves attractive to bringing some of that innovation in and keeping it in their borders. So let's pull this out a little bit. Earlier you were talking about how real money is entering the space. Yes. Can any small country like Singapore, for example, or a place like Hong Kong, can they risk not being part of the trillions of dollars that might flow into a new industry? Aren't they going to be kind of forced to compete? They're forced to compete. And to try to win some of this talent and the entrepreneurs to stay here? And it will mirror the way the world works pre-crypto. They have to find their niche. All these countries don't just exist as second sideshows to the US. They have their own industries and their own innovation and they do their own thing. Like they can't compete with the US when it comes to capital potentially, but they can innovate in areas that the US regulatory environment may not be interested in pushing into. So the US will pick its areas. It will regulate. It will create frameworks that people can work with in. And the other regulators and the other areas around the world will need to pick a niche that they can innovate and add value in. And I think that's the net positive because we're going to get more access, more talent, more capital, but we're going to get new types of innovation because we're forced to have these areas become unique and become different in their own rights so that they can maintain some relevancy. Because if you stop and don't act, irrelevant straight away. Yeah. I can imagine that without a new plan, a revitalized plan, for example, Mika in Europe, they're going to have to have Mika 2.0 if they want to go and make sure there's anyone left there. Correct. Correct. Yeah. So it's, I mean, it's not too dissimilar from a market making high frequency trading firm like us. If we stop innovating and we stop building new algorithms and improving our product suite and working with new client types, if we stop that, well, our market share is gone. We'll just get slowly eaten by the new guy who's innovating and sucking in all the talent and the capital and the clients and then we're irrelevant. So I think it's really, it's a reflection of, you know, the way the world works anyway. You have to continue to compete and stay ahead of the game or your lunch will get eaten eventually. And it's really important that the people here in this hall, that consensus in Hong Kong, push and vocally push for that to happen so that we can have multiple hubs with lots of innovation of different types around the world and lots of opportunities. for people to build, invest, participate in what is a new financial system for the world. Fantastic. Well, I guess, thanks for talking with me about Trump Crypto Catalyst. It's been great having you and we'll talk again next year. Thanks, David. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Cheers. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.