 Hello everyone, you're having a good time out here? Well, brace yourself, things are going to get a little more interesting ahead. My name is Omkar Godbole, I'm a markets editor at Coindesk and welcome to this fireside chat session with none other than Yves Gini Gavoy from Wintermute. Hi, thanks for joining us. Hi everyone. Yeah, so I would like to start by just asking what is the state of the crypto market here in Hong Kong compared to other parts of the region like Tokyo and Korea and Singapore? I mean compared to those two it's definitely a lot more advanced. Like we've seen a lot more excitement last year around all the regulatory news. We've seen quite a few companies already applying for registration and getting registered. I think that being said, yeah, there is still more work to be done. I think the regulations can be, I would say, loosened a bit. Like they're still like not optimal. I think compared to Singapore it's still not competitive on regulatory side. So yeah, I think there is general expectations that on one hand there will be pressure to become more competitive with Singapore, for example. On the other hand, seeing all the positive signals that we see from the US, for example, on regulatory side, that other geographies will have to follow suit as well. How about Japan? Like it's one of the advanced nations which has pretty much a clear regulatory picture for digital assets. And retail FX trading particularly is very huge there. So I'm wondering if that's translating into more activity in crypto or demand for crypto there? I think we're still not there yet. And again, I think it's a function of regulation getting a bit better, but also a lot of different like trading rails getting a bit better, like exchanges to be allowed, well, more widespread and allowed that. Like in general, I guess Japan is an interesting case where like there is a perception that they missed out on the whole Web 2 craziness in the last 10, 20 years and now they potentially don't want to miss out on Web 3, but it's not super visible yet. And there's so much volatility in there, Japanese yen, but that's not like really galvanizing any demand for alternative investments right now? Not that I know. Yeah. And what's your thoughts on Korea? Like I heard that, you know, folks over there are trading all coins like APT and the rumor is that, you know, they trade APT to buy an apartment. So is it the same in other parts of the Southeast Asia here? No, I think, yeah, South Korea is very special in that. Like it's, yeah, it's a very crazy place, but it's also a very closed up space. Like they don't literally don't allow, well, not just outside trading firms. My understanding is like even internal trading firms to operate on those exchanges. It's very much closed space. Like, I don't know, wind remittance is not present there, for example, for that very reason, because we don't want to use, I don't know, weird, shady structures to get access to the market. We're actually waiting for their regulators to become open. And speaking of Singapore, is it more of a institutional appetite there, or you also see some retail demand there? I mean, probably there is a retail demand, but honestly, it's a pretty small place retail-wise. It's a much bigger market for on the institutional side. And yeah, from that perspective, from family offices, funds, yes, there is definitely a lot of interest. So they're looking into maybe Bitcoin and other tokens as, you know, long term plays, or it's just short term trading? Both. Both. And it's like, do you think BTC has found a place in a traditional portfolio, which usually involves like a bit of equities, mostly 70, 30 equities and bonds? So do you have Bitcoin now? I think like the more traditional institution-wise you go, like the least, the less likely it is to see crypto there, even Bitcoin. So I think we still have a long way to go, for sure. Is it more, like is it regulatory, you know, lack of regulatory clarity that's still, it's kind of, you know, I would say, a hindrance to adoption? No, I think it's just basically all those different threat-fight players being risk-averse and like just not getting into yet. But I think it will, again, I think it will change quite a bit with US adoption. Okay. And like, I think in Singapore, it's more, they're more pivoting towards tokenization of bonds. If I'm not mistaken, you know, they have, they have something like a Singapore dollar tokenized fund. And is it, is it more, they're more interested in tokenizing real, real, real assets, like traditional assets? Well, I think time will tell. It's, I think currently it's still more on the experimentation pilot stage. I don't think it's anything, like, I don't think it's a very, very, like, I don't want to say serious, like, I don't think it's very, like, widespread and big effort yet. Because, you know, I heard that there's a lot of interest in tokenizing government bonds. Because I think, you know, if you speak to any average investor out there, you would pursue equities, probably less risky than bonds, which is quite, I would say, you know, against the textbook. But I think the issue, the issue with bonds is like the tick size is so massive. And, you know, all those yield and bond price fundamentals, I think that's pretty difficult for an average investor to grasp. So if you, let's say, tokenize the government bonds, I think it's going to open a whole new demand from the retail space. What do you think? Like, do you mean on Singapore side of things? Yeah, yeah. I mean, just generally speaking. Well, in Singapore, again, like, I think the market is just too small. But, yeah, if you're talking about, like, global, like, global audience, yeah, I think about what BlackRock is doing with Beedle, for example. But that's a lot more interesting. That has a potential to grow into, like, well, not just billions, but trillions of AM in general, especially as, like, Beedle and products like this are basically allowed to be used as a margin on DEXs, for example, allowed to be used as collateral on lending protocols. Yeah. The more adoption those kind of products have, yeah, the more widespread and the more reach it will have towards people who would never get access to those products before. Yeah. And speaking of just market liquidity, like, how has it evolved, you know, given we have so much financialization of Bitcoin, like, you have ETFs popping everywhere. We had ETFs go live in the US, and then we have ETFs approved here in the Asian regions. How has that impacted the overall liquidity and just market making business? Yeah, I would say it's currently obviously only limited to Bitcoin, I mean, to a much smaller degree, Ethereum. Yeah, Bitcoin, for Bitcoin, it becomes a lot, like, really important part of the market structure, I would say. Like, given just how many billions in UEM those products already have. Yeah, basically more and more volume trades on a daily basis, more and more, yeah, volume flows in those products. Like, there is a lot of, like, OTC activity, a lot of screen activity. So, yeah, it just becomes another important trading venue. So is it like a net positive for just in terms of liquidity and market making? Because it's not just ETFs, like, we have other products as well. We have options, Ibit options. You know, we already have, you know, crypto options, like, doing billions every month on Deribit. So this whole, you know, gamut of products, like, is it helping, you know, boost overall order book depth, order book liquidity? Does it make it easier? Is it, let me just put out in terms of numbers, like, let's say, is it much easier to execute a $5 million order right today than it was maybe before the ETFs went live? Probably not so much easier. I think, like, for Bitcoin, I don't think it changed the equation that much for Bitcoin. But also, like, we need to ask ourselves, what does this interest in OTC, where does it come from? Like, if it comes from new players, like, from, I don't know, people who did not bother buying Bitcoin on Coinbase or somewhere else before, and now they finally have an instrument to get exposure to, yeah, like, it should contribute to overall liquidity. But I think a lot of AUM is also coming from crypto native people or from people who held it in custody before. So it didn't really change much. But that being said, like, a lot of those, like, Ibit, for example, like, it's a, you can borrow it now, you can use it as collateral on, I don't know, interactive brokers, for example. It's, it does contribute to overall liquidity. And in terms of, like, just liquidity, are we back at, back to pre-FTX levels? I'm sure it might be for Bitcoin, but for altcoins, is it still tough out there? I would say it's, yeah, months on months. Like, I mean, we are still living through the meme coin craze, right? So I think liquidity suffers because of that, because there is just still a lot more interest in meme coins than in, like, I don't know, old school coins. Yeah. But, I mean, liquidity is not that bad, I would say, generally. Speaking of meme coins, like, we have this, every two weeks we get some meme coin and it zooms to billions of dollars in market capitalization and within hour it, you know, crashes. I'm wondering if it's a net negative for the broader market. Does it pull out liquidity from the productive sectors like DeFi or other stuff? I would say, generally, yes. Like, any new token is by definition extractive to all the tokens that happened before it. I think we've seen this effect, like, very pronounced during the Trump token launch because basically, yeah, Trump token got massive valuation. Like, people are buying into it, but they're buying into it at the expense of a lot of tokens on Solana, especially the meme coins. So we've seen a massive sell off that weekend. And that's probably the easiest effect to see. But ultimately, yeah, any new meme coin basically sucks liquidity, sucks interest from all the previous ones. So would you call that Trump launch? Was it a positive for industry because we have an incoming president getting associated with the meme coin? Now, personally, I felt like, probably, it would have done something with DeFi or something that would have carried more weight. Rather than just a meme coin. What's your take on that? Still processing, I would say. Yeah, it's not that straightforward. Like, on one hand, it's pretty incredible that a sitting president is launching something like this. On the other hand, yeah, like, the way it was done, it was just so abrupt and so unusual that, I think, for the first, like, four or five hours, people are still wondering whether it was, whether somebody hacked his account or something. So it's, yeah, it is quite strange still. So people are still, the same people are still, like, trying to figure out what to do with it. And I'm wondering, is that probably the reason why the market is so flat right now? Because it feels like we're back to October 2018. I remember it was, like, pretty flat around $6,000 back then. And it feels the same way. Is it because of meme coins sucking out the liquidity from the market? Yeah, again, I would say it's, on one hand, well, on the crypto-native side, yeah, it's just all about meme coins. And, yeah, there is a lot of, yeah, it's like the market has been very saturated with meme coin launches, it seems, especially, I don't know. We had a melee over the weekend. For some reason, it always happens during the weekend. I'm not sure, like, why they do it like this. It's definitely really annoying for trading firms. But, yeah, we, like, as a trading firm, we basically now have a lot more people working on the weekends just anticipating those kind of launches. So, yeah, but, yeah, back to the question, it's, yeah, crypto-natives are, yeah, kind of exhausted by this. And I think it's, people don't necessarily appreciate that we have a lot of positive, yeah, positive news coming. Yeah. Upcoming, for example, on regulatory side, I mean, it seems like we all forgotten, like, how bad influence SAC was, even CFTC was, last four years. And now, like, this overhang is just completely gone. And it's not even neutral, it's actually positive, all the news that we see from SAC lately. So I don't think that the fact is priced in properly. And on Threatify's side, I think it's just ongoing. It's just, yeah, just moving slower, slowly but steadily. So I'm pretty optimistic, actually, where we are. Yeah, I agree with you that there are a lot of positive news coming up, but they're not getting priced into markets. Also, if, you know, I sometimes wonder, like, if there's a pension fund out there, probably considering, you know, investing in Bitcoin, and then they look at these headlines, you know, the Trump meme coin went to $5 billion, $8 billion, and it suddenly crashed. You have that melee thing going on over the weekend. Is it sort of a bad optics? And, you know, do you think that, you know, these kind of headlines, you know, pension fund looks at these headlines and then says, oh, you know, I'm not, I'm better off, you know, away from crypto. Or probably I might just do the arbitrage play rather than an outright investment, long-term investment. I guess it depends, like, how sophisticated they are in their analysis. Like, if I were a pension fund, I would look at, okay, yes, okay, all this, like, craziness happening, but, I know, let's look at Solana. Like, they have tens of thousands of meme coins sometimes being launched on a daily basis. They have massive volumes going through on a daily basis. Okay, it's all speculative and it's all extractive and horrible, sure, but you also see the chain that was actually casually, like, being, like, turned off, like, just two years ago. They actually sustain in this, like, we have protocols, like, JITO, like, Jupyter working and making fees out of it. Like, you actually see the chain working as it should. And so it's kind of, it's more of a question, okay, should they invest into Solana because it works so well, because there is a stress test and it survives it every single day, or should they not invest into Solana because currently, like, everything is just meme coins, and maybe when meme coins will die off, productivity will die off as well. So that would be a more sophisticated analysis to make for them. Yeah, and speaking of positive regulatory developments, do you foresee XRP or Solana getting their first ETFs in the US? I wouldn't, I would definitely not be surprised if Solana and some other tokens would get ETFs. Like, it would make a lot of sense. And for Solana specifically, and maybe for, I would say, for top 10 market cap, like, if you exclude stable coins, obviously, it would make a lot of sense to have ETFs, and I think they would attract significantly. It's more like there is a lot of excitement when there is a new ETF being proposed by some issuer. And I would say if it's altcoin, which is, I don't know, number 48 on coin market cap, I think it's quite unlikely that it will be launched in the first place, because the equation for a lot of those ETF issuers is that, like, the ETF should reach, I would say something like 100 million a year for it to be profitable. And if they don't expect it to be the case, like, I don't think they will launch it in the first place because it's just going to be net loss for them. So the CME futures is no longer a prerequisite, like, for Bitcoin and ETH, I think the futures came first and then we got the ETFs. I think it was a relic from the previous SEC era. Yeah, I think it was a prerequisite because that was something previous SEC leadership was sort of fine with. I don't think current SEC cares, but, I mean, I might be wrong, but I don't think it's a prerequisite anymore. And on a lighter note, what's your prediction for the rest of the year in terms of price? When do you see this boring market resolve in the next bullish leg higher? Yeah, I mean, I think there is a Bitcoin and there is everything else. I do see Bitcoin price continuing to go up this year. As for other tokens, yeah, like, I don't think we'll see a proper, like, everyone is waiting for alt season, for example. I don't necessarily think we will see an alt season, I think. But I do think we will see some kind of, I don't know, for lack of a better word, like, flight to quality, basically, like, so people looking at tokens, looking at protocols that actually work, that establish themselves, that aren't actually working as intended, potentially sharing fees or buying back tokens or burning tokens or whatever, like, so there are some sustainable, like, tokenomics in place, like, even though I hate this word. But basically, if there is something sustainable and there is a real protocol with real people behind it, I think that's where people will start putting their money in. So what you mean to say is, like, gone are those days when you would just put money into altcoins and they would rise. It's like a stock picker's market now. Yeah. Yeah, I think meme coins basically showed us that, yeah, like, the whole meme coin craze started because of, like, this high FDV, low float scene, right? Yeah. I think people will soon start to realize, or actually start already realizing that meme coins is an even worse game from a statistical standpoint. And also, all these recent meme coin launches also show that on top of this being statistically bad for people, like, it's just a really bad statistical game, like, casino-wise, it's also rigged, it's also double rigged because there is so much inside activity going on. So, like, part of this flight to quality would be, well, my guess would be towards the protocols that are much more open about, like, how they operate, how they distribute tokens, how they sell tokens even. So I think we will see a lot of openness and transparency going forward. Okay. All right. That was a really insightful session. Thanks for joining us. Yes. Thank you. Thank you.