 Thank you for joining us. It's going to be a fascinating talk today, deep dive on tokenization. We're going to take you through what it is, how we do it, why it matters, and maybe some big bold predictions as well. So some introductions. I'm James Harris. I'm Chief Commercial Officer at Zodiac Custody. We are a globally regulated digital asset custodian focused on institutions. We provide wallet services, but also technology to banks to allow them to provide custody services to their own clients. I can't wait to introduce my panelists here. We're going to have a really fun conversation. So Priscilla, do you want to say hello? Sure. Hi, Priscilla Adams. I look after bullish group compliance. So the company that has also brought you consensus here today. So we have a regulated exchange now here, licensed in Hong Kong, Germany, and in Gibraltar, and a number of other crypto related businesses. Hi, I'm Andrew Wong from UBS, and I run our fund tokenization platform and business. So really excited to be here today. Super. Yeah. Good afternoon. Aaron Kwok, founder and CEO of Libera. Libera is an incubated startup by SC Ventures, specializing in the tokenization of funds and bonds. And yeah, very happy to be here. I must confess, Aaron, I almost didn't recognize you without your hoodie. I know. So nice to see you wear a suit as well. I'm trying to get back to my TradFi, a little bit of a TradFi look, but you know. TradFi vibe at a crypto conference. Absolutely. So look, let's introduce the topic then. So we'll start at the top and set some definitions. I think tokenization has recently sort of framed as a revolution, but really it might actually be looked at as an evolution of financial services and frameworks. And so to kick us off then, Aaron, how do you define tokenization? And what are its most promising use cases in the markets today? Yeah, I think tokenization, people think about it in two difficult terms, but I think the very basic thing to think about it is just a different way of clearing the same thing that you've had for a very long time. If you think about securities in particular, they used to exist on pieces of paper. Then they used to be centrally cleared by a central counterparty. Now they can be cleared by a blockchain. And that's the only thing about it. And tokenization in its essence is not dissimilar to anything that we've been doing for centuries. The only difference is how the tech applies. In terms of what's promising, I think the ability for you to not have to depend on a central counterparty to clear it actually takes securities and how it identifies and works within us back like a hundred years to where I could have a security and I give it to someone else who needs it and that would be it. It would be theirs and no one would have any doubt about that. And I think this is where we gain as individuals more control over our wealth and also at the same time remain absolutely compliant. So there's a lot of promise around this and I'm very excited to be in the field. Yeah, thank you. And Andrew, you're working on some very interesting things at UBS. Anything to add on that point in terms of use cases? Yeah, I think by tokenizing the asset, I mean, at the end of the day, financial services about writing stuff down and tracking kind of who owns what. And specifically here we're talking about important things, cash, you know, assets, securities, et cetera. I think once you move it into this form, we're most excited to see how we can connect this to other people to build together different products on top of each other. I think that's the main thing. Yeah, yeah. There was a big announcement yesterday actually by our parents. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention it. But Standard Chartered, Anamaka and HKT just launched the Hong Kong stablecoin. And the reason I mentioned, I think that's interesting in itself, but stablecoins in very many, for many, many reasons are actually the original, the OG tokenized asset, right? So actually tokenization in digital assets has been happening pretty much since day dot with the advent of stablecoins. But Andrew, when I think about the institutions now actively exploring tokenization strategies and adopting tokenized assets, could you talk to a little bit of what problems are they solving? Like is it 10x better? Or why are we even doing this? There's maybe two sides of it. You'll hear from folks in the industry, and this is probably a debatable point of when they happen. So it could be 10x better on the cost side. Also 10x better on kind of the revenue or business opportunities if you can create a new one. I think the cost side comes over time as the entire system kind of moves on to the same infrastructure. You know, you have a lot of different places where you're writing down assets, asset balances, cash balances, et cetera. So I think that comes, you know, over time. It's kind of a longer term trend. But the business models are here today. So I think what's very interesting, you know, a lot of firms starting to think about if I put my asset out there as a smart contract, who else's smart contracts can connect to us? And can we build some new type of business logic that we couldn't do before? Yeah, yeah, no, nice. And Priscilla, at Bullish, you've got a massive purview of things that you look at. So I'd love to hear your thoughts. Yeah, and I think that also coming from just the crypto native side, it's partly how you shape it as what is the value proposition to a traditional finance institution. And I think at a very basic level, this comes down to economic growth and market creation. Yeah. So when you think about what is some of the opportunity that can be unlocked, right, it's speed, it's velocity of money. And the faster the money moves, the faster the settlement is made, the more transactions there are and the faster the economy grows. You don't have money stuck. Right. Exactly. It's not it's not stuck. You're moving from a nine to five trading venue in country X to 24 seven. And if I were sitting on the institutional side, I would see that as a huge opportunity. Yeah, no, absolutely. So so look, lots on the docket. So we move quickly on tokenization is it's not just a concept, really. It's a it's a process, right? A lot of moving parts. A lot of things have to come together. And so in terms of mechanics, Andrew, you've got your work cut out here, but perhaps you and Aaron could share this one. What are the what are the main steps involved in tokenizing an asset and who are the key stakeholders in the process? So I kind of think of it in three buckets, at least from kind of how to think about the topic. So the first one is the issuance kind of side of it. So where are you going to create the asset? What governing law? What structure? Can I write down this thing on the blockchain if I'm going to do it in a certain jurisdiction? So I think there's a lot of questions around that. It's kind of a very legal, heavy discussion interpretation of existing laws, et cetera. Then there's distribution. So can I sell this thing in the in the place that it now might be called the security? It might be called something else and trying to understand what are the rules around that? Again, we live in a global market already today. So you might create something, you know, in location A and you might be selling it in a whole bunch of other locations, you know, B, C and D. So you have to think about, you know, that element. And then the last one is around the ecosystem. Maybe something for Aaron to comment on a little bit more, which is you need to have the right, you know, people that are also connected to the same infrastructure as you so that you can start to explore what to build. I think that one is quite important. Kind of something more the kind of newer entrants are really specializing in. Absolutely. I think the creation of a token in itself from a code perspective is fairly simple. How much investor protection can you get out of that is oftentimes a legal question that surrounds it and the structure around how it operates. And I think this is where certainly from a Libera perspective, we want to make sure that the asset that you say you own and the actual asset that exists is as close to it as possible. And the distance between those two being very, you know, one and the same is where you get the maximum amount of the benefit of all of the evolutions around consumer protection that we've come to come to realize. And I think this is this is where then then the next step happens, where now everyone understands what it is. Everyone understands what their rights are. Then it's really about grasping the mobility of tokenization. And then this is this is what I think is is is real. The real kind of differentiator between regular traditional securities or traditional instruments versus what we have today in the sense that before, if I wanted to buy something, it's a bilateral relationship between me and the person that's selling it. I can't do anything else with it. But as a token and being on a blockchain, the ability for it to be moved around, put on a lock through a smart contract that all of us can be able to do. So I think it's a smart contract that auto releases all of this programmability around it is what I think, you know, really, really opens up the game. And that's why, you know, back to, you know, James, what you're saying, the 10x aspect of it is not really the fundamental. I want to buy something. I want to hold it. But really what you can do with it on top of just the exposure. So we get the issuers that create these assets, you tokenize anything, you'll tokenize a family member if you were given the chance. I think that's what meme coins are. I think that's what meme coins are. And of course, on your side, the bullish, bullish group across the exchange across everything will just help distribute it. So of course, you then obviously need a safe place to keep it too. So custodians come in and their assets that trade on public blockchains. And so custodians like Zodiac need to make sure that they have set up for all of these assets that are incoming because of course their clients are saying, hey, you know, thanks for holding my Bitcoin, but I need you to hold this tokenized money market fund too. Any other points before we move on? So look, to summarize a little bit then, tokenize isn't just digitization, right? It's basically you create something of 10x of value and then the true goal has to be to reach a bigger market, right? I think that has to be one of the underlying reasons for tokenization. So moving on to the marketplace then and liquidity, which of course bullish, dominating in these days, what are the challenges in ensuring secondary market liquidity for tokenized assets? And how do you guys think about that? It's been really interesting because there have been quite a number of panels going on this week around tokenization and being able to hear from some of the institutional players talk about those challenges has been great for my preparation for this panel. Yeah, absolutely. But I'd say one of the things that I've heard and I think it does resonate is a lot of the institutions are building their mostly private blockchains and they're in siloed. So you have a situation where you have a lot of walled gardens and that creates just a dearth of liquidity, right? So if you have basically your own separate market on your own blockchain, that's basically created this interoperability problem that leads to a lack of liquidity. And from what I do at bullish, I also look at a lot of our non exchange activities and what gets deployed into DeFi. And in this case, it's really interesting to say, what is some of the technology and what are the things that we've seen to overcome challenges and interoperability? And how can could that be brought across into traditional institutions that want to tokenize? And over this past year, there's been a huge amount of movement in the wrapped BTC and wrapped ETH. And what that is, if you're not familiar with it, is a Bitcoin. So BTC can't be deployed on the Ethereum blockchain and vice versa. So how the industry kind of overcame this problem was through these wrapped assets. And so you create a token. And if you take BTC as an example, because I think it's most relevant to institutional players, you custody the token. So it's not a peg. It's the actual one to one backing. And then you wrap it and program it in a way that it can operate on that other blockchain. So if you move that across to institutions, you say, well, we have our walled gardens. We're worried about KYC. We're worried about this. We're worried about that. You could program that all into a wrapper and thereby basically do the same thing that's been done with the wrapped products and DeFi. And create liquidity simply by allowing the banks or trusted partners to interact with each other. And just by doing that, that's one of the first things that you're going to get to do to improve the market. Almost like a super aggregation effect. Yeah, absolutely. And I think that's where I think the institutions need to start thinking about, you know, DeFi is not all scary. It's not just AML and fraud. There are some real problems that we've had to face that can help the institutions adopt as well. And yeah, I think there's that one. I think it's how you start interacting with trusted partners in the industry as well. Also on the distribution side. So you find a liquidity provider, you find someone who's licensed, and then you learn, okay, how can they interact with the other players? Yeah, nice. Andrew, any other further thoughts on the pain points? Yeah, I think liquidity is the main one. And I think for us, it's been a good learning journey. Kind of as a traditional, let's say, Web2 player looking out and discovering where these pools of liquidity may be in more of the public blockchain space, given that the stuff that we've tokenized is on the public chain. But I think increasingly, maybe from the discussions this week, it's been interesting, more and more of them seem to be kind of in the opposite direction as well. If you want to diversify the liquidity pool, you look at where the balance sheet is sitting today on maybe the Web2 side, who is tokenizing those, whether it's on private or kind of public permission, you know, kind of infrastructures and trying to start thinking, you know, how does that get bridged or wrapped out in a way into the other side? And that creates a healthier kind of set of flows. And I think for the traditional institutions, it's probably an interesting topic for them this year to really think about given the ones that are sitting in the middle. Yeah, yeah. So I was actually watching Usman Khan, who's CEO of our sister company, Zodium Markets, on the other panel. He also talked about how important liquidity was. I get it. I think that having a deeply liquid thing is something institutions always care about. But what about the demand side? Like, I think, you know, at the end of the day, people should want these assets too. We have experience, and this is an observation rather than a question to you guys, but we've seen these products built, assuming that there'd be huge demand. And that's not always then been the case. And so we've built the connectivity, we've built the tokens at great costs, and then we sit there and go, okay, where's the distribution? So anyway, interesting one. But in terms of... But I think with that, you also have, when you think about demand, like, not every product is going to appeal to everybody. Right. I mean, I was having a conversation this morning, it's like, all right, sure, tokenized money market fund is fabulous, but if you're a retail user, then like, whatever. Like, you're not, you don't need that to be tokenized. So I think part of it is... No. And you're getting higher yield on other assets elsewhere. Exactly. So you're not going to get the yield. And so I think also thinking about bullish as an institutionally focused firm, I'd say, I think it's a much bigger play for on the institutional side with this than the retail. Yeah, yeah, nice. In terms of market makers and liquidity providers then, I mean, are they going to be the same names? Any thoughts on, is it just going to be LTP, Hidden Road, is it going to be the market makers that we all know, new names emerging? Institutions have to fill the void? They could, but I'd really like to see also just coming from the CeFi space. You have like AMM, so the automated market makers that have come in from CeFi that are newer to the crypto native space. How do you bring that again into TradFi? How do you start integrating the two where you have the expertise of the AMMs where it's basically high end peer to peer? And that could also drive additional liquidity provision and almost decentralize it as well. Okay. Any other points on this one? Yeah, no, I think we do have to think about it with a little bit more of a forward view. I think, you know, solving for liquidity now is absolutely important. And all of the tools that we have, whether that's from DeFi or from CeFi and employing them into that is important. But I think the real kind of breakthrough is going to happen when people who have grown up seeing that they can be a little bit more. Grown up seeing that they can control their own money with their own wallets by themselves, not like how their fathers or grandfathers or grandmothers and grand, you know, forefathers did. And realize that they want to control their money, but they want to do that and grow into other traditional assets that you could only previously buy through a central counterparty and want that in your form that you are comfortable with. I think that's when that revolution is going to happen to really grow that business. So until then, there's going to be pockets of in every evolution. It doesn't all happen big bang with everything that goes on. But slowly, I think these are things that are coming into place and people are recognizing that. So the landscape certainly is very different from what I looked at this even two, three years ago. Yeah, nice. So moving on to custody then, and this is quite weird for a moderator to be asking questions about you guys, about what we do. If you want us to ask you questions back. No, no, no, that's fine. That would be way too contrived. So let's not do that. Let's start first then with the differences of risk between a native digital asset and a tokenized asset like a money market fund. Are the risks the same? Are the holding risks the same? What do you think, Andrew? I think this can be a very deep discussion. At a higher level, I would say... We've got 12 minutes. I think you have different types of tokenization. So if you really dig into some of these structures, the token can mirror, the token can be part of, or the token is the register of the asset. And I think depending on which bucket you fall in, the nature of what you're going to be doing with the custodians, how your smart contract functions, some things you might need to think about around risk will be different. But I think maybe an interesting point from an EBS perspective is that we have structured assets across all three. Some of it is legal in nature. Like if in Switzerland, for example, it is possible to maybe do something more digital native versus in kind of other more common law jurisdiction, you have to do something a bit more kind of as a hybrid. So could some of your tokenized assets actually be better instruments as well then? I think in Switzerland, the ledger based securities framework allows for these types of things, but it does take kind of, again, back to the ecosystem point, a lot of pieces have to move together. And it really depends then on what the client demand is. I think as we get more and more into the space on tokenization, people will start asking those questions as to what we could do when you start looking under the hood at a little bit more detail. Yeah. Yeah. Because I guess one of the problems we got as a custodian level that I was just saying like, well, hold on a minute. If you're holding an asset that ultimately if I lose by accident, then I can just phone Aaron up and put a line through that line of assets that I've lost and he'll create a new one for us. So the risks aren't the same, like, you know, the fact that we've got insurance to cover, cover losses and stuff like that kind of irrelevant. And so just interesting to see then how we, we, we survive in an environment like that. No, but I mean, I, sometimes I, I try and compare like, you know, where we talked about private chains, public chains, and obviously, you know, from a Libera standpoint, we're very much, you know, public chain infrastructure. I always say that we're trying to create very safe cars that run on public highways rather than trying to lay my own roads to go from A to B. And in that kind of analogy, how I see custodians is that, yes, you can park your car on the side of the road and hope that nothing happens to it. Or you can put in a garage that is safe and, you know, it's professionally managed. And I think that definitely has a space and it's not just about because, you know, the, the, the risk of the asset itself, it's varied for sure. But even for the most secure of them, quote unquote, I think there's a different place for it from a garage perspective. And it's definitely something that we want to, want to encourage and want to have because that brings with it other, you know, utility around keeping that in the garage. Yeah. I mean, speaking about keeping things in the garage, we, we work together on quite a few initiatives. And it's fair to say that it's a, it's been a learning process, right? To, to, to bring all the parties together, to get the demand side, the issuer side, all talking to each other. Forgive my only cringey type question, but in terms of, in terms of how digital asset custodians like Zodia needing to adapt for RWAs, like how have you seen them do that? I mean, obviously you speak to other custodians too, that's fine. But, but what are the main ways that you're seeing that they're helping you in your day to day? I think there's, there's always a question of kind of regulatory components on this question. You know, where do you sit from a regulatory perspective on the crypto side or the security side? But I think, you know, going forward, a lot of that is actually going to become one. And so lots of jurisdictions are recognizing what it is for what it, what it should be and going really back down into the fundamentals, which is great to see. From a, from, from a Libera perspective, we, you know, absolutely working with, with, with custodian partners, making sure that their clients have access to the tokens that we bring to market is, is, is absolutely critical. And that's also part going back to the distribution question as to people who have access should, should be, should be, should be, will legally have ability to have access, should have access and making that available in the safest possible way is something that we absolutely promote. I think, yeah, no, maybe adding to that, I think custodians are absolutely critical to kind of the RWA picture. Some of the, but that's not what you said just now. Exactly. No, I think, um, it may be in a slightly different role though. So, uh, for some of the kind of our recent tokenized funds that, that we've launched, um, we do just, you know, what we're discovering, what's maybe an interesting observation is we, we distribute it through custodial as well as non-custodial partners. And on the non-custodial distribution side, that kind of exposing us to a whole series of conversations with a number of custodians who are looking at the token, how to integrate it and seeing kind of what, uh, seeing what they could do kind of more as a strategic, you know, partner or a strategic kind of voice in, in the discussion. I think connecting, you know, custodian and the connectivity to different types of utility marketplaces, collateral marketplaces, et cetera, uh, has been something that I was a bit surprised going in. Honestly, it was not something top of mind, but it, it, it, you know, it becomes clear and clear that they kind of are providing that next layer of connectivity to some of the venues where this additional utility is ultimately going to be. Yeah. And I think that collateralization piece is really key. Um, so whether you're talking tokenization or even if you're talking about, um, traditional financial players, just as servicing clients who want to trade in digital assets more broadly, it's how do they even know, are they allowed to custody their own assets? Do they have to go through a partner? Right. Is it different as we were saying earlier, if you're custodying something like BTC or versus if you're doing a, you know, tokenized money market or ETF. So there's a lot there where once you get into the collateralization, then again, if this, uh, industry does take off, then creating margin, how you distribute that, how you allow people access to it and to trade on it. Um, the, the custody piece becomes really, really key. Nice. Okay. Um, five minutes left. Uh, we've got to do a, uh, a regulation question. That's the right team. Um, so compliance person. So yeah, exactly. This is actually in your wheelhouse as well. Um, many, many, many, uh, RWAs will be tokenized in the coming 10 years. Uh, we're doing predictions later, but trillions of dollars coming in, in my personal view, um, getting regulation right is obviously critical. Um, how do we ensure that tokenized assets remain legally enforceable and client compliant across jurisdictions? And do you see like an alignment across regulators? Well, I think it's a bit of a misnomer to assume that there's going to be this global harmonization of all regulation. I mean, we don't even have that in trad fi markets. So if we don't have it in trad fi, then we're probably not going to have it, um, in tokenized, uh, assets either. I think though that for example, the view that the Hong Kong SFC has taken where the risk is really with the underlying security and viewing the tokenization as an external wrapper. Uh, yeah, of course you have a certain amount of technology risk with that token is tokenized wrapper, but really the risk and the regulation that you want to have is based off of the underlying and then just creating what works to create the market as opposed to hindering it and stopping it from growing. Yeah, exactly. Cause these are regulators securities at the end of the day, right? The regulators want this all to work. They want it to play nicely. So, you know, the, the, the, all the correct conditions are in play for it to work. Um, any other points on the regulatory piece? Yeah, no, I, I, I, absolutely right. I think, I mean, going back to what I was saying as well earlier, um, protection of investor interest is where regulation kind of, you know, columnnates to, right? That's, that's the whole goal. That's the whole goal. The, when we talk about securities regulation and how sometimes we complain about it, et cetera, is because they're trying to protect the little guy. If we learn, and, and this has evolved over, you know, a hundred years of securities regulations around the globe. I don't think tokenization or any type of, you know, technology nullifies that. In fact, it, it should reinforce a lot of the principles there. Um, and, and, and, and, you know, as Priscilla has mentioned, there's not going to be a global rule that just, you know, gets everything, you know, checked off instantly. Um, but regulations are going to have to evolve to cater for something that doesn't have to clear through a central counterparty in a particular country. And that can involve passporting, can involve, um, you know, recognition of different, um, aspects of it. Um, you know, cross regulatory, um, harmonization. A lot of things can happen and will happen. Um, but I think the fundamentals of the fact that protection of the little guy is the key, um, underlying actually is a great place to start. And, and I'm sure evolution of, uh, regulations will happen accordingly as well. I guess UBS cares a little bit about regulation too, right? So, uh, I would say, no, definitely. And I, but I think it'll naturally kind of organically evolve. So I think every new asset that's brought to market from the issuer and distributed in every new jurisdiction, it kind of gives both sides of that equation a chance to understand each other's framework. So if you're going to, you know, choose to distribute in, you know, a certain market, there are certain selling restrictions or rules or even digital assets, specific due diligence you might need to do. Uh, that would then get compared against the issuance kind of requirements on the other side. And I think this is how the regulators probably will start to learn across the markets as to what the combinations are. I think underneath it though, what we can control is maybe more on the smart contract standards. So I think for us, you know, we, we definitely find ourselves engaging more and more in these different, I think Aaron and the team as well, uh, you know, kind of certain standards that make it easier to kind of understand at least at the mechanism level, you know, what are we all trying to achieve or what are the buttons that one can press? Yeah. Super. Well, I think, um, it's fair to say that we've breathlessly gone through the entire life cycle of tokenization. So I really hope it's been super useful and we've got a minute and a half left and, um, you probably didn't get this far, but here we are. Um, what, what, what is the biggest misconception you hear on a daily basis about tokenization today? Anyone want to give a shot at that? I think it's painting everything tokenized with the same brush, right? Right. We've been having a very focused conversation up here on stage around tokenized financial securities. Right. And when you're walking on the street, I mean, how many times have we heard, you know, oh, tokenized real estate and pick your city ABC versus deep in. Uh, there's a really broad range, um, and understanding that there's a lot of different things going on in tokenization, um, I think is a big misunderstanding. Yeah. And my one was, is that we've actually been doing this a lot longer than people think. Um, any, yeah, I mean, one of the things that I, I, I, and I, again, when I have these conversations, I kind of smile to myself, but there's a, there's also a, you have conversations with yourself. Oh, that's, that's, that's another thing altogether. But, um, uh, one of the things that I, I, I, uh, I find is, uh, liquidity and mobility being confused. I see that happen a lot. Um, tokenization brings mobility to the asset, meaning that it can move from a place to place. Right. Liquidity and mobility are completely different concepts in the sense that liquidity is only derived when someone demands it and someone wants to, there's a supply and demand for it. And people are willing to exchange for it. The fact that it can move more easily doesn't necessarily mean that there's going to be liquidity. And I think that's one of the misconceptions that we see in the organization. Thanks, Aaron. Sorry, I'm not going to let you, let you go. 10 seconds left. One big bold prediction from UBS, please. What do you think? I think the kind of future of this market is, is going to be very interesting when kind of your distribution channel eventually is the wallet of the individual. Right. I think that's going to, and the fact that you can control what's inside the box versus needing to control the box itself. I think that that's going to change a lot of different businesses. Look, thanks so much, everyone. I really hope that's been useful for everyone. Please give a big round of hand of applause for everyone here. Thank you so much.