 Hi everyone and good morning and welcome to Consensus. It's very exciting to be here in Hong Kong. So everyone's really aware of the opportunity that comes with crypto and digital assets, democratization of investment, immutability, transparency. But it was really 2024 that set the stage for renewed optimism about the next 12 months ahead and that's something we're going to touch on. Of course we had Bitcoin's valuation rally, we had the introduction of spot ETFs, expanding institutional access and of course a new US administration which is very industry supportive. And we're going to explore what that means for Asia. But of course there are some challenges, fragmentation across markets, desire to move from proof of concept to at scale, you know, implementation and execution. But really what we want to talk about is the future for the institutional investment community and really will 2025 be the year when the crypto native and the traditional organizations that we all know and love among the finance community converge. So without further ado, I'm going to ask our panelists to introduce themselves very briefly, their role in digital assets and who they are. Thank you very much for having me. My name is Anton Katz. I'm the CEO and co-founder of Talos. Talos provides primarily investment infrastructure for larger buy side and sell side institutions that are looking to interact with the crypto market. So either folks that are trading crypto on the institutional level or folks that are providing their clients with the ability to interact with crypto. Perfect. Thanks, Ella. I'm Fiona Murray. I'm managing director for Asia Pacific at Ripple. At Ripple, we're a one stop shop for digital assets. We're helping institutions and enterprises to move value, to create digital value, to custody that value and finally to exchange it through our stable coin. Hi everyone. Lorian Gable, co-founder and CEO of Figment. I think we're probably the largest and one of the longest standing staking infrastructure providers for institutions and look forward to talking about this. This is the Groundhog Day of crypto conversations about institutional adoption. Looking forward to it. So it'll be, we'll try to come up with something original this time. Should we talk about how the institutions are coming? Oh, they're so coming. Yeah. It's not funny. No, it's not funny. Not funny yet. Too soon. Tim Grant, CEO of Deus Ex Capital, 1 billion investment and operating company focused very squarely on this space. We have foreign exchange assets, crypto assets, DeFi assets and believe very, very much in the future of crypto. Thank you very much. So I'd like to start with Fiona. Can you tell us a little bit about how traditional organizations are turning to digital assets to explore new means of business, whether that's stable coins, tokenization of real world assets, et cetera? Yeah, absolutely. So I'll take those two examples actually. So here, particularly in Hong Kong, massive financial hub. We're seeing large banks and asset managers looking at tokenizing real world assets. So many of you, many household names, you've probably heard of many of these guys. So BlackRock, Franklin Templeton, Closer to Home, HSBC, tokenizing money market funds, tokenizing bonds, launching digital ETFs and tokenizing gold. So what we see why they're entering is really to take advantage of the positive elements of tokenization. So that's really about access. So 24 by 7 settlement. Around the clock, consumers, investors can access these assets, but also fractionalization, lowering the barriers to entry so that more can participate. And that's the reason we're seeing tokenization of real world assets as a major focus point for these very large financial institutions. On the other side, if we move down the spectrum and one that's very relevant to Hong Kong, Hong Kong is known not just as a financial hub, but also as a world trading center. And here, what we see is the rise of stable coin payments being embraced by Hong Kong. There's a new regulatory regime for Hong Kong issued stable coins. And that hasn't stopped anyone from really looking at what growth opportunities there are around the world. So I'll give you one specific example. Ripple is working with a trading company based here in Hong Kong, and they came to us with a challenge. They've been locked out of several markets in LATAM because whether we like it or not, the currency of global trade is US dollars. And many countries don't have good access to US dollars. Not because it's illegal, but just it's difficult. And so they said, hey, there are all these markets that I'm locked out of, but I know that there's demand for my goods. And so what we did was we enabled them to collect stable coins, transfer that to fiat. And we helped them to pay to their suppliers in China and Vietnam without them having to deal with all the complexity. And so that opens new markets. It helps Hong Kong take center stage because it's pro innovation and it's looking for new ways to enter new markets. And those are two very different sides of the spectrum that are examples here in my home in Hong Kong. That's really interesting. Yeah. Old and new worlds collide through that innovation, like you say. And Tim, I would love your thoughts on kind of how advancing regulatory clarity is changing things in hubs like Hong Kong and Singapore. I know you're based in London, but what do these developments mean for businesses going forward? Well, it used to be a decade ago when I first got into the space, when we first started tokenizing bonds in 2016, not a lot of bonds tokenized since then, that we used to, you used to talk about the biggest impediments for the readiness of the technology and the regulatory certainty that we all needed. And what I find really interesting about where we are right now is, yeah, we're not completely 100% there in terms of regulatory certainty. But I think we're directionally 100% there on every major jurisdiction that matters. Is it on the right trajectory? And, you know, give or take, depends on which jurisdiction you're in. So it does beg the question, well, but if the technology works and is scalable, which I think it is, at scale, you've got companies like Figment and Talos who are doing, you know, transacting billions and billions of real money one way or another through their platforms, and they work. They don't get hacked. They're not broken. What's left if the regulatory certainty is kind of there? And I think it is. I don't think there's any debate that we're going to get where we need to go with the regulation. Turns out the one thing that's left is education. So it's extraordinary to me that we're all debating this stuff. And, you know, all due respect, Fiona, like, are tokenized assets the future? We all know they're the future. There's not even a question that they're the future. Of course, it's a more efficient mechanism for transferring value. That's not the constraint anymore that we understand that. It's the education. It's the policymakers. It's the captains of industry. It's the people that need to make the decisions to bring this industry along that are actually the constraint. So I'm less worried these days about regulation and more worried about everyone's mindset to be able to understand how we can move from this to the next phase. That's the thing that will limit us. Thank you. And, Lauren, that brings me nicely onto I wanted to ask you about the mindset of some of the clients you're working with, you know, when it comes to them formulating their crypto strategies and actioning things for 2025, what kind of staking support do you offer them? What changes are you seeing in the way that they deal and approach digital assets? Yeah. So I'll talk about our services, but I think we're at a pretty interesting turning point, at least in North America. As I said, this question about institution involvement in the space has been going on for a long time. And for the first time that I can remember when talking about this, I think there's a really divergence in feeling or in view. For the first time since I can remember, we have traditional financial institutions who are super positive on the space, where I think currently the vibe or the feelings within the community and some of the crypto native institutions is much more negative. So it's just interesting observationally that from the external side, from especially because of the administrative changes and the regulatory changes in the US, we're really seeing a change of attitude toward the space and positiveness from traditional financial institutions, where within the space is a fairly high level of cynicism right now. I don't know if that's because meme coins were sort of the story of the last cycle. But it's just an interesting observation. This is the first time since we've talked about this topic where things have switched a little bit. So externally, at least from the larger American institutions, now there's going to be a better regulatory framework. You're certainly seeing real interest this time and people are moving forward. And from a staking perspective, I think that that's going to be the first domino to fall in the US. We work very closely with the regulators and staking has been in a kind of in limbo at its best in North America about what its status is. Is it a security? How should it be done? And I think the first thing this administration will do, it's low hanging fruit will be to clarify those rules. So we're going to see a bunch of institutions, the names that are very familiar with, start staking assets. We have a belief that wherever you see a dollar sign, you're going to see a crypto symbol. What's the equivalent thereof? And that staking is the equivalent of a savings account. So we're really pretty optimistic about the changes in the US as a result. And that will hopefully for once, instead of leading from behind, we'll actually be leading from in front, which will be a nice change over the last seven or eight years. So I don't know if I, yeah, so I'm pretty optimistic. That's right. And to be, to be frank, I haven't been for a while. Thank you. And Fiona touched on earlier money market funds and I guess liquidity has always been an issue or something that is the lifeblood of traditional capital markets and is something that institutions consider when playing in the digital asset space. And so, Tim, I wanted to get your thoughts on what changing behaviors are you seeing by the institutions participating in the space and, you know, the availability of risk capital and liquidity. Are those some of the key concerns that they express to you? How do you address them? Well, I think you're right. The lifeblood of capital markets, if you look at traditional capital markets, the trillions of dollars that trade in traditional stock exchanges and derivatives exchanges, the lifeblood of that is the ability to gain leverage. It's the ability to go in and I want, I have one, I want to invest five. So I used to work at UBS O'Connor, UBS's hedge fund unit. We had six and a half billion of capital, but we were trading 24 billion worth of capital. Right? That's normal in the traditional space. And that's all funded by bank balance sheets. Ultimately, they have access to the Fed window. They have access to bond markets. That's how banks work. What we don't have in this space is that we don't have bank balance sheets. The Goldman's, the UBS's, the Morgan Stanley's, the Bank of New York's, they're not here yet. Now that we all hear all the stories of how they're getting involved and they are and that's very real and very exciting, genuinely very positive thing. But, you know, Basel and Saab 121, et cetera, et cetera, like that's going to limit the ability for them to really steam in and provide balance sheet. So we have this problem, which is the largest, most respected, most credit-worthy traders in the world. We're talking about the Brevin Howards, Gautam was on the previous panel. We're talking about Two Sigma. We're talking about DRW. We're talking about very reputable, highly credit-worthy shops that borrow billions and billions from their traditional lenders, can't get access to borrow in order to trade crypto. And they want to, because it's already a macro asset class. I don't know why we're, we're not debating whether this is a macro asset class or not. It is because those people are all trading it. That's what makes it a macro asset class. So we need, we've got this generational divide of, of a need for, for leverage and risk capital and a lack of supply. And it can't come from bank balance sheets. So where does it have to come from? The only analog that we have is the, is the reinsurance market. It's the, it's a huge multi-trillion dollar market that is funded not by bank balance sheets. So ultimately your question is all about how are we going to get the lifeblood of, of, of hydration into markets. We need risk capital. We need risk capital. We have to attract risk capital with a highly regulated and very sophisticated approach to managing risk. That's what we're doing at Core Prime as one example. But that's what the, that's what the market needs. Oh, then and only then can everybody on this stage start to actually grow to the next phase of, of, of, of, you know, to get to the next level of growth of this market. That's a really important primitive and predicate to the next step. Thank you. Um, and Anton, can I tend to you and ask you a bit about how you're working to unify access to liquidity across multiple exchanges and some of the complex trading workflows that you deal with to ease that pressure really? Yeah, of course. So look, in general, when we started the company six and a half years ago, um, aggregating the liquidity, connectivity to that liquidity and the safety of how you actually, get access to that liquidity, that was pretty much all the conversation. We had algorithmic execution on the platform from day one pretty much, but, but really clients came to tell, clients came to tell us because they wanted access to a large amount of liquidity fragmented across the different facilities. You know, looking how that evolved over the past six years is, it kind of like tells you what state the, um, uh, whether it's institutional adoption, but just what state the industry is in. We're looking at a much more sophisticated use cases, right? So on the algorithmic, so first of all, if you even start with just connectivity, so you're talking about aggregation of liquidity, we still have a lot of fragmentation and that fragmentation of liquidity will continue between the exchanges, the OTC dealers. We connect today to 70 plus facilities that provide liquidity, including some of the decentralized markets, which are now starting to see a little bit more liquidity. Okay. But the demand for that liquidity is slightly different than the tools that we have is different. So words like co-location that we know from capital markets constantly, that was not even the case that was available up until about two years ago. So co-location, low latency solutions, really putting the emphasis on some of the newer tools on the execution stack as well. You know, like, uh, order routing used to be okay. Today, more sophisticated algorithms take the place of, of order routing, executing over time, tracking your impact to the market, being able to get into very, very sizable position. And then you start compounding that and the more sophisticated use case, like spreading or unified liquidity, the ability for the client to come in and express their intent to trade something across multiple assets, right? Across multiple instruments. We have clients that are coming in. They're saying like, look, the market in Bitcoin is likely going to run up. We are looking to get into a bit composition. They're not thinking about like, oh, should it be spot? Should we be perps? Should it be what? They are thinking about a bit composition. So our job is to provide them with a one-stop shop to be able to do that. And that means executing across Bitcoin dollar, Bitcoin tether, Bitcoin UTC in the derivative space, in the potentially, you know, anywhere on linear or nonlinear curves. So we're seeing a lot of that. And then finally, I think to, to Tim's point, you know, the, the prime sector is, is obviously very, very important from, uh, how do you access liquidity efficiently from a capital efficiency perspective? Um, we're obviously partnering with quite a few. We're working a lot with hidden road. We have quite a lot of clients and we're also seeing more and more people coming into that domain to Tim's point to provide that, that credit, to provide the ability for people to exercise at scale. So quite a lot of interesting things on just the, the liquidity and the access to the market. Thank you. And you saw it tell us over the past year, kind of record volume of trading. Um, and you predict that, you know, that will continue. Kind of, can you talk a bit about some of the key transactions or, you know, activity that you anticipate? Yeah, absolutely. You know, the, so yeah, it's, it's a 2024 has, uh, has ended very, very well, but generally we start seeing the uptick in activity right from the moment the ETF was approved. Okay. About three weeks before when it kind of became clear that this is happening and this is January, you know, like right at the end of December, 2023 and into January, 2024, we've seen a lot, a lot of activity. Obviously November, I think for everybody in the room that's in the, in the seat, November has been a phenomenal month and, and record breaking month, but actually that's not the entire story. So the, the volumes are great. And we, it's, it's amazing to see the activity that we see on the platform and the activity consistently increasing, which is great. But the type of contracts that we closed over the past six months, you know, we added something like we added asset managers that are responsible for about $18 trillion of assets. Wow. So that's traditional institutions. Mm-hmm. That are some of the largest issues. Now, it might not be reflected in the market fully yet because a lot of the institutions take a little bit of time before they turn on the dial. Yeah. They need some of the tool set. They need some of the, some of the credits. And so we're seeing that happen, but it's, it's, you know, we're seeing a lot more involvement from banks who are some of our investors and clients. We're seeing a lot of involvement from asset managers. And obviously on the, on the global demand, you know, I just came back from Bangkok. We're also seeing retail aggregators really turn on the, the capabilities coming at mass and, and being able to provide something to the client. So very interesting years, a year ahead, I think in 2025 for us. Okay. So you're seeing, yeah, retail investors while in Asia among. Absolutely. Yeah. To, to balance that institutional interest also. And Fiona, I would love to ask you in your view, what is most key to enabling, you know, widespread adoption? Among the institutional community. Yeah. You know, I think Anton, you described the challenge of liquidity very well. If I take a step back before that, you know, at Ripple, our belief is that you have to prove utility to really enable adoption and you need trust. So those two things are the precursor to massive change. And if I look at utility for a moment for us at Ripple, you know, we started over 10 years ago with a challenge and that was cross border payments are broken. Okay. There. And everyone who sends money overseas has probably experienced this. Things have improved massively over the 10 years that we've been in business, but, you know, high cost, low transparency, very slow. And so that was the simple problem statement that we set out to solve. And by and large, you know, we've proven that there's utility in crypto markets. So today where I sit, we move billions of dollars of value through crypto, through stables and pay out in over 80 markets. So we're where our own, you know, eating our own dog food, our own best use case of where there's utility, there's adoption. And we're working with regulated financial institutions around the world to move that value. That second piece of trust cannot be underestimated. And we all saw what happened when FTX went down. And so that trust piece, it can be a little bit more nebulous. But again, you know, sitting in my position where we're looking at moving billions of dollars of digital assets. What really matters is is whether you have number one, trusted counterparties and institutions to work with or service providers. And number two, custody. So, you know, in whenever you're tokenizing an asset or moving an asset or touching customer funds, how do you keep that asset safe is one of the first questions to answer. And so we see custody, whether through custody service providers like ourselves, who enable some of the world's largest banks to custody, to self custody their digital assets, or indeed through the proliferation of more licensed custodians who are moving into the digital asset space, as really that trend is something that will mimic TradFi and provide safe, trusted institutions to operate with. And that unlocks a lot of interest from institutions who want to move into this space, but just don't have all of the players that they can trust and operate with. Thank you. And that raises the kind of issue of compliance and security and is something that I wanted to ask Laurie about. And kind of what are some of the specialties that some of your clients come to you requesting, you know, demanding from the partnerships that they team up with you on? So building on that question, I know what our clients look for. I think first is education and knowledge, as Tim mentioned. I think there's a it's a very complicated space. And so being a trusted source of information is probably the our first value add. And then there's just regulatory frameworks that are clear and understandable. And that's coming along. And then as you as you just asked about security and and compliance. And so there aren't that many companies in this space still from a service provider perspective that actually have, for example, like very tactical, but like sweet sweet sweet level for their chief security officer or the chief regulatory officer. And I think those institutions will only feel comfortable interacting with service providers if you can provide that. So certainly we spend a lot of time. We're starting to see more and more RFPs that are in the hundreds of pages and a professional RFP. So as an organization and a service provider, those are kind of the minimal requirements now. And as we grow up as an industry, I think we'll see more and more people able to do that. But certainly you have to be able to answer, you know, 100 pages on various regulations and compliance, various security procedures, processes, etc. So it's kind of in the weeds. It's pretty tactical, but there's it won't move forward until we as an industry and service providers can do that well. Thank you. And certainly it seems like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as kind of pioneers or there's a bit of competition to be first movers in the space, especially when it comes to regulation. But I wanted to ask all of you kind of which regional endeavors are you seeing across Asia that excite you the most? There's things happening. There's Project Acacia in Australia. There's lots happening in Singapore. Ensemble consensus in Hong Kong, which is quite exciting. Who wants to jump in on that? This has been at least last year. This has been our largest market from a growth perspective. So in general, more so than North America and Europe. I think that'll probably rotate back into North America this year for obvious reasons. One of the complicating factors here is that you do have a lot of regions with a lot of different regulatory frameworks and the regulators are very different in each one of them. So the difference between the Japanese regulators and the Singaporean regulators, for example, they have nothing in common, really. So that's that's certainly one complicating factor for the region. I know. So Europe has a single regulatory authority, so that makes it easy there. And obviously the US has won. So I don't know. That's probably the good and the bad of the region that I've seen. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, we we tell us a global firm like like many here. Right. We are monitoring what's happening across the different jurisdictions, different countries. There's always interesting things that are being pushed forward by the regulator in different countries. I think in Singapore, it's it's a Guardian Guardian. Guardian, Ubin. There's a few. For me, the the thing that are most interesting to us. So ultimately our belief that all assets are digital assets. And I think that there's nobody that would disagree with that. But, you know, maybe there's a question of time, but that's the direction we're headed to. So when we look for those kind of sandboxes, we were looking for stuff that will truly help us see how it's actually going to be impacting and changing the financial industry. So looking at efficiency, looking at projects that are, you know, looking at the centralized markets versus decentralized markets, you know, the centralized markets are extremely efficient in some sense. You know, there are definitely challenges, especially on the KYC, AML and some of the security aspects. There's no question like it's, you know, needs to go through another layer before the institutions can can properly adapt with it. But we are seeing a level of innovation in these decentralized markets that we haven't seen in centralized markets. We can do things a lot faster, a lot more programmatically. So it's interesting to see like we are really excited about initiatives that are looking how to blend some of the expertise that are happening in the centralized space and centralized space as well. That's a really good point. Kind of leapfrogging traditional finance, I guess, like being able to innovate quickly and move forward. And can I ask a bit about the benefits that the developments in the US might bring to Asia as a whole? What do you foresee over the next 12 months? Again, sort of the first time in my fairly long, long career in technology too long. The US usually led the rest of the world and they've been behind, which is quite it hasn't really happened in 20, 30 years. I've used a quote often that Winston Churchill said the Americans will do the right thing after they've tried everything else. And so we're through the trying everything else stage finally. And so I think that just having because there's so much institutional capital in America, I think that'll drive. I think there's in some Asian markets, you can confirm this or not, there's a conservatism and that I think will be hopefully we can move through that when you start seeing the largest American financial institutions comfortable with the space. This topic is one that I think about a lot because I look after Asia and we benefited in Asia a huge amount when the former regime in the US was anti-crypto because we had capital flight, we had flight of innovation. You know, you mentioned those projects that are really amazing examples of public and private collaboration led in Asia. And that wave meant that for Ripple more than 50% of our global payment volume moved over to the Singapore entity. And so we benefited then. So it's something that I think from a competitive standpoint, a lot about now. But I don't see a challenge coming from from more competition. What I see is with the US becoming crypto friendly with the repeal of Saab 121, with some of these very large players now dipping a toe in the water and not blocking business elsewhere, that everyone will benefit. So, you know, many of those in the room here today will have experience, particularly if you're a crypto native, how do you pay invoices if your bank is not crypto friendly? And many of those banks are some of the largest US banks. And so, you know, with this new wave, I'm really, really excited to see that that competition will move into Asia and accelerate everyone's adoption. Yeah, maybe maybe just another point on that. Right. The there's so I completely agree. I think that the you can even take it a little bit further if you're thinking globally. United States unlock is an unlock on, you know, liquidity and capital in the entire world. Right. There are quite a lot of larger institutions in the United States have been effectively barred from interacting with digital assets, with crypto. I think that United States unlock will bring that kind of capital, that kind of participation from those global institutions that are being able to do. That might be domiciled in the United States, but that will bring that activity. I think another thing that we we don't talk a lot about, we always say that the regions are very different from a regulatory perspective. And it's true, like being in Asia, every single country is different completely. Right. But 100 percent, there is some sort of regulatory benchmarking. We know that the, you know, the regulators in Japan, in Australia are very much interacting and paying attention to what's happening on the regulatory side in the United States. The SEC and the transformation that that's going through right now, the CFTC and that transformation is actually most likely going to move in regulation in those other jurisdictions as well. So really excited about that. And we're nearly out of time, but I really want to ask what the biggest challenge would be to address in order for, you know, the digital assets base to thrive. What's the biggest challenge in the next 12 months? If you could put forward an idea. In our case, from an organizational perspective is hiring people in the various regions. OK, that expertise. So I'm recruiting right now. So if anyone wants to work for the great staking provider. So. Thank you. Yeah, that would be. How's that? Any other points? Tim? Yeah, it's kind of it's it's back to the mindset thing. You know, it's interesting. And Fiona, I'm reminded as you speak, in about two weeks, it's my 10 year crypto orange pill anniversary. All right. 19th of March 2015. You have August 20 years of your life. Oh, it's been a while. It's been a long decade. And actually, Chris Larson, your former executive chair, was the person that turned me on to this space. It was actually I was the very first meet. I had no idea what Bitcoin and blockchain was. And Chris Larson explained it. And I decided I literally would change my entire career. What's interesting, if you look over that decade, what's changed? Well, there's no way we would have been sitting here a decade ago talking about the fact that BlackRock would be the one of the top 10 holders of Bitcoin on the planet. There's no way we would have conceived that we would have thought that would be a fantastical idea. I think that if you if you just take a step back and look at the arc of how this has evolved, the constraint is our mindset. It's our ability to understand the evolution that is necessary. The institutions are here, but institutions are remarkably crap by innovating. They really are. Everybody knows this. Anyone who's ever worked in a bank. If you work in a bank, you know what I mean, right? Like in a very hard to get a bank to move from its very safe place where it generates this consistent revenue. It's the oldest it's the oldest game in the book. It's all about the mindset. I think that's what we kind of need to go beyond are the institutions are coming. Yeah, of course the institutions are here. Franklin Templeton. It's BlackRock. It's it's the Goldman Sachs. It's that all the biggest institute. It's the sovereign wealth funds. It's the insurance companies, the pension funds that they're all here. I've talked to them all in the last 24 hours. Actually, the limitations are ability to sort of imagine where this next step could go. So it's an odd place to be that execution is the thing that's the limitation. It's actually not capital. It's not talent. It's actually it's all in here. I think that's the. Thank you. Thanks. And we're out of time. But very lastly, one word answer. Who is benefiting from first mover advantage? Hong Kong or Singapore? Hong Kong. We have, of course, regulation aside. We've got bears. We've got dancers, lion dancers. I've seen it all. So very quickly, Anton. Singapore, I think. Fiona. All competition is good. All competition is good. Larian. Hong Kong has some catching up to do. Tim. Contrarian view. Hong Kong is where the gamblers are. So yeah, I'm going all. I'm long Hong Kong. Thank you ever so much for sharing your insights. Please join me in thanking our panelists. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.