 Hello everyone. Thanks for having me today. I'm here to actually announce a very exciting and transformational partnership that we are doing in Hong Kong. So as you all know, Hong Kong is a leading international financial center. We have robust regulatory framework. We have international standards, deep talent pools. And over the past few years, Hong Kong has been pursuing, working together to make ourselves a digital hub, a global digital hub, digital asset hub, to make sure we ride on these advantages that we're having. For me, at Standard Chartered Bank, we also believe digital assets will shape our industry. And it will become a key component of the future financial infrastructure. Of course, we fully intend to be an integral part of its future state. For example, at Standard Chartered Group, we have built capabilities in custody, in tokenization, and some of them with the ventures, our partners. And in Hong Kong, Standard Chartered Bank, together with our partners, have been actively participating in building the ecosystem for Hong Kong to become the global digital hub. And some of them include Ensemble, eHongKongDollar, and Enbridge. And of course, the Hong Kong MA stablecoin issuer sandbox is an important one for us. We support the work around tokenized money as it pertains to central bank digital currency, CBDC, tokenized deposits, of course, stablecoins. So I'm here because following on, I'm going to introduce the panel of the partnership. If I look at how this partnership works is we're very excited to have, of course, CBHK, AnyMoker Brands, Hong Kong Telecom. We agreed to form a JV venture to seek Hong Kong MA license when available to order Hong Kong dollar stablecoins. This partnership has started 663 days ago. That was the first time we met AnyMoker and we had the first email talking about that. And today, we are very proud to be here to bring three people together, which is the oldest issuing bank, ourself, one of the biggest Web3 investors in Hong Kong, AnyMoker, and our very, very own Hong Kong Telecom to deliver this market-leading stablecoin issuer. I'm sure the panel will speak a lot more how they have been working in the last 600 days, but we are really very proud to announce it here. And thank you to your support. Please welcome to the stage Evan Ollier, Marcos Chow, Dominic Mathay, and Nicolè Shta. Good morning, everybody. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you to my wonderful panelists. My name is Nic. I'm with CoinDesk. I'm joined today by Evan, Marcos, and Dominic. Let's get right to it. We just heard from Mary about this new joint venture. I would love to know, how do we get to this point where we're talking about this joint venture licensed stablecoin product coming from the three of you? Yeah, I mean, I can start. It was a partnership that we're thinking that made a lot of sense. We individually, as companies, were exploring because Hong Kong, the Hong Kong government was actually exploring the space anyway, in CBDC, eHongKongDollar, and stablecoin. And we were through different dialogues. We were actually talking already. And then just one day, we were like, we just contacted each other and like, why don't we just do it together? And this combination of having a bank, right, which has all the on-off ramps, and a native Web3 company like ourselves, plus a very on-the-ground, you know, Hong Kong, you know, POC-level company would make sense in the joint venture to promote the stablecoin. It's 663 days till announcement, right? So it's already, it's not crypto speed, but it's very, very fast for a regulated stablecoin. I think to add to that, it's not the first time we've worked together. I think on different ventures, a different engagement. So it's one of those ongoing friendships and partnerships that, you know, we continue to do. So this is one example. And we're looking forward to more future partnerships in this. Yeah. Great. Look, the bank, the bank's the oldest note issuing bank in Hong Kong. So a project like this is really core to our DNA. That coupled with the fact that the bank's been working on digital asset capability for years. About six, seven years ago, Estee Ventures, Alex Manson, that team started pioneering some of the capabilities for the bank. That coupled with that DNA made us have a high conviction that we could create a world-class stablecoin issuer. We think stablecoins are going to be instrumental to any high functioning digital asset ecosystem. So for us to work together on a project like this, we see this as an opportunity to help collaborate and support the regulator as we build out a truly digital asset hub. I think all three of us as Hong Kong stalwarts, as key to the community here, had a real aligned interest and the same vision. And that's what I think really enabled these conversations 663 days ago to culminate in us sitting here today. So I'm kind of curious just what the timeline is from here. What are the progressions that we're looking at? Well, I mean, it's going to go into the first reading from LetchCo. It's already completed. We'll go to the second and third reading at some point, which is probably expected in Q2. And then there'll be licensing. Right? So, and then there's about launch, about readiness. But obviously everything happens in the kitchen at the back. We're working tirelessly at this point amongst all of us to get the tech ready. And the regulatory sandbox, by the way, is a dialogue that the JV has together with the HKMA about how do we do this in a way that has the proper regulatory rails, consumer protection, you know, and also the right commercial arrangements so that this is viable. So, I think for us in here, it's been a long journey. And right now, as I mentioned, we're getting everything in place. So the joint venture was announced a couple of days ago. We're all ready to go. So we want to front run this. And of course, the HKT Digital Ventures team have been working tirelessly on this, like Monita, Felix, you know, they're really the architects behind this. And we're all so pumped and so excited. We're waiting for us to issue up a stable coin. Right. Yeah. I'm not much tied. Okay. That's it, right? So that's the process. You know, a big journey to get here. A great milestone. Still a lot to do. And I think we're all geared up and ready to do it. So. So I think for me, one of the key words in what we're all discussing is this is a licensed stable coin. And I really hope you can maybe just get into, you know, why is it being a licensed product? Why is this regulatory framework important for, you know, why not just issue a stable coin? Yeah. I mean, I'll get into it as a native Web3 company. I can't emphasize how important this is. Anymoca sort of as a background as a gaming company went pretty deep into the NFT digital asset space. Right. But when we were even selling NFTs, we were insistent on KYC. It's very important for us to understand that once you financialize something, yes, you want decentralization. But at the same time, what is important for mass adoption is that there are rails that would guard against some of the, you know, everyday issues that you will have with sort of money laundering, you know, and, you know, CTF and all of that. Right. So partnering with a bank and also a institution like HKT has been here for so long. It's really important to, you know, certify that this is institutional. Right. There are many stable coins as we know in the world. Why is this one different? Right. This one is different because it's regulated, it's licensed. Right. And ultimately, Web3 is about decentralizing trust. Right. But you do have to operate under the rails of regulations that actually exist. Right. It's not these are not in conflict in many ways. Right. The banking rails that allows the on and off ramp are actually very good. We might talk about antiquated systems in terms of the SWIFT system, you know, corresponding banking and paying out all the fees, cross border payments. That is what we're trying to solve. 24 by 7 atomic settlement is what we're trying to solve. But we're not throwing everything away because, you know, because, you know, nothing works. It's not that there's nothing works. There are aspects of a traditional banking system that actually works. That's why we're marrying this together to bring the best of each of the parties to bear. I think with the regulations in place, in fact, you know, we do welcome more regulations. We are we operate in a very heavily regulated environment. By having these regulations in place, we can trust and verify with the technologies in place now. With DLT, anyone can come in and verify what we're doing. So we offer the trust. The banks do. We do. And I think that makes it different from the other stable coins out there. I mean, you know, to use a bit of an over overused term, probably. I mean, the regulations, I think we think are a game changer, right? I mean, the reality is there's some really great companies that have been building stable coin businesses for a number of years, many very well managed as well. But without that regulatory clarity, it's very difficult for regulated institutions to use them properly. So by coming in with regulations that are clear, that have guidance that allows us to risk manage properly, know what targets we need to hit, this enables a stable coin to really do what I think it does and kind of should do is create that bridge, right? That traditional finance and that Web3 bridge. So, I mean, the regulations are just they're they're paramount. So that's why we've been so eager to be a part of the stable coin sandbox. I mean, that's been a big commitment over the last eight or nine months. But we've been really keen to collaborate with the regulators. We've been very pleased to see the progress in Hong Kong. Actually, I want to add that remember that we're in Hong Kong, one of the most important financial centers here, right? With the geopolitical, you know, aspects that's going on today, you know, we have to really understand the role of Hong Kong as a financial window and a center for, you know, for greater China and China assets, right? So when you talk about a neutral internet and a decentralized internet, which is what Web3 ultimately is about, we're here participating in another, should I say, milestone, working with Hong Kong with a standard chartered and actually taking the first step of having building a more neutral financial system, right? That is based on a public blockchain that we see, right? Because many of the banking initiatives in Web3 actually on private chains, right? Here we're working on a stable coin that is regulated on a public chain. And we were talking about public permissionless being very important. And then neutralizes sort of the aspects of sort of like putting assets on chain that is then tradable. And that's very, very important for Hong Kong to play as a financial center. Yeah. Okay. We have a few minutes left. I want to look ahead a little bit. Yeah, as we wrap up, what's next for each of your firms, you know, at least with regard to this project here or what you're looking at? I think for us in here, we've been in the, you know, kind of the OG, Web 1.0, Web 2.0, and, you know, we continue our journey in Web 3.0. It's something that we continue to do to look at forward-looking technologies that we can actually implement and actually use here. I think ethos for, you know, the Chef unique in Hong Kong, it's always about cheaper, faster, and better. So anything that helps us get there, that's the Hong Kong ethos, and that's what we actually embrace. And I think this is the journey for us, you know. Great. So, look, the Stablecoin project, it's a key project for us. We have high conviction. But it is just one part of the kind of puzzle we're trying to put together as a bank, right? I mean, there's a bunch of pieces you need to put together to have a properly functioning digital asset ecosystem. And I said the bank's been working on this for about six years. The bank has a global digital asset custody business that's looking to roll out. We've done in UAE. It's happening in Lux. We're looking forward to it happening in Hong Kong. SC Ventures, our venture arm, has done a bunch around different digital asset business models. We've got Zodiac Custody, Zodiac Markets. We have a company, Libera, here. It's a tokenization platform in Hong Kong. That's been a bunch of really interesting work. Some of you probably saw the announcement with China AMC. I mean, it's all a puzzle. We're kind of putting this all together. The Stablecoin, obviously, super important part of that puzzle. But, you know, the bank is really about creating the infrastructure to make a functioning digital asset hub. And we think that that not only benefits Hong Kong, but we think that globally that helps put together the whole ecosystem. Yeah, so for Animoca, we are native at Web3 Frame, as we said. So we are in this as well of the major initiatives into the institutional space. So we already have a partnership with Neom. And we're discussing various aspects of how we can join up as well, right, in terms of something like this project. In terms of sort of where we are, we're very ambitious because we want to change the ecosystem. We want to spur, propel the development of the ecosystem, right? We have really three business pillars, right? We have the business, sort of operating business pillar, which is, you know, one of the gaming companies' sandbox, right? Not the regulatory sandbox, but the sandbox, the game. It's one of our assets. And there's the native side of it and there's the institutional side of it. The institutional side of it really is the one that we hope to expand our partnership with Standard Chartered and hopefully Hong Kong as we go forward with this. But the other pillars, which is advisory and investments, we're still trying to push on that. And hopefully with our 500 investments that we have, we're known to be a pretty large VC. We made about 100 investments last year alone. Hopefully the stable coin. Again, we start off the Hong Kong dollar, but we'll explore, of course, other possibilities as well. Hopefully this is the rail that ties in our ecosystem as well. And we have a project prominently called Mochaverse that some folks here might have heard about. It's a decentralized ID layer, a reputation system. Again, the stable coin can play into that ecosystem to activate and tie it together. So lots of very exciting things happening. We're very excited to have the institutional rail under good regulations and interacting with the native side so that we can bring Web3 to masses. We're going to have three to masses. Gotcha. Yeah. Just through this to the masses, we've also enabled GoWallet with a blockchain-based wallet in there. So when stable coins come in, then it'll be easier for us to reach out to our consumers here in Hong Kong. Gotcha. Key use case for us. Absolutely. All right. We have about 30 seconds left. Any closing thoughts? Well, I'll tell you this. When we posted the announcement, we got the native side of Twitter saying that this changes everything. So I would end with that. Thank you. For me and the team, we're super excited to be here. And in this space right now, I think there's no better place to be. Yeah. Great. Yeah. We're very excited as well. A lot happened in the last 660 days, but we've got a lot more to do in the next couple hundred. So, yeah. Thank you. Awesome. Well, thank you again. Thank you, Dominic from Standard Chartered, Marcos from Hong Kong Telecom, and Evan from Animoca. Thank you all. Stick around. We have a number of great sessions still happening. So thank you all. And let's see how it goes.