 Hello there. How are you, Jack? Good, thank you. Good, good. So today we're talking about crypto adoption. So I want to start with talking about the background of crypto in the past few years, because it has been quite a wild ride, right? You see in 2021, the price was at $69,000, and then it's just dropping value 80% in one year time. And then you see the scandals with FTX, and then now it seems to be having a comeback. Bitcoin is trading at $97,000. You see institutional funds like BlackRock is getting into the space. So where are we right now since 2021, 2022? What's the current use case at the moment? I want to start with that. Okay. So what we're seeing, I believe, is like a legitimization of crypto with major institutions, kind of adopting it, building on it, using it, experimenting with it. But we're in a place where we're still kind of talking about crypto through these three lenses, which I don't think are potentially beneficial to mass adoption. We still have this massive thing around mass adoption, like it's so elusive. How do we actually break through the noise and bring crypto to a mass audience? Well, we need to stop talking about it through these three lenses that I think we do talk about too much, which is one is the philosophical lens, decentralization and how decentralizes your blockchain. One is the technological lens, how fast is your blockchain? And then the third is the financialization lens, number go up. Like people too much talk about those things and not about the real value. Like Web 2 has really dominated with showing and getting users to the real value immediately. What is Web 2 again? So like the- Web 2, like I think about Uber, I think about Food Panda, I think about these applications, which you use and it gets you to a very valuable thing as quick as possible. So Uber, you don't need to worry about the technology Uber's built on. You just know that it gets you a car very quickly, very easily, right? And the marketing is around that. It's around direct to the value versus all these other things we talk about now, which are, you know, they're very interesting. They're a part of the story. But when you're when you're trying to onboard normal people, normal people don't care about these things. Number go up, philosophy and technology. They just want to go straight to whatever the application should be doing for them. I think that's the problem, right? Because when it comes to crypto, all we think about is how do you make profit out of it because of the volatility of the value of the trading value. But what is what about the use case for consumer? Like what can we do with it? What can you actually get value of using it using through consumer lens? Do you mind to talk to me a little bit about that? Yeah, well, there's some glimpses of of real world use cases that can be super valuable. So stable coins is obviously the biggest one. Yeah. Right. What is this actually? So stable coins, coins that that are backed one to one by fiat currency, normal dollars. Which is US dollar. US dollars. For example. Yeah. And what those allow you to do is send, you know, pay freelancers globally around the world. Protect your if you're a citizen from a developing country, you can protect your money from inflation by choosing the world reserve currency, US dollars over what you have naturally. And so that's one use case. Stable coins. And it's currently happening at the moment. Growing massively. For instance, like in Ton, we have an application called Wallet and Telegram. Wallet and Telegram integrated USDT back in April 2024. It grew to it was the fastest growing supply of USDT. It's now since slowed a little bit, but it's now over 1.3 billion dollars issued on Ton. And there's about seven and a half billion dollars of transfer volume of USDT over Ton network every single month. So this is like equivalent, very equivalent to something like a TransferWise or. Which is like a network for currency transfer in the UK and globally. Right. Right. Yeah. Or KakaoPay as well, which is another one in Korea. I think like their average monthly volume is about 7.3 billion or something like that. Okay. So we're in just six months, seven months after launch of USDT on Ton, it's now already doing more volume than some of the fintech companies that are building in that digital transfer space. Right. Yeah. So that's one use case. And then another use case is around digital identity. I think with my company, so we run Ton Society. And so we are providing a digital ID to users on Ton. So you do activities, you complete different tasks, you go to events, you start building on Ton network. Yes. And you get these soulbound tokens. These are NFTs that sit in your wallet. They can't be transferred. And that builds an activity-based digital identity over time. So now we don't need to... Now we have a proof of humanity effectively in Ton ecosystem where we know there's this amount of people using the network, interacting with it, engaging with it, building on it. And that gives us a whole load of other use cases, which we can advertise to those people. We can engage them with particular relevant events. Right. So I think digital identity is also a big use case. But why are they... Why is Ton or cryptocurrency a better... Play a better role in this? Because as we can see, like consumer habit is very sticky. It's very difficult to persuade them to change. That's why we see that in the US, for example, people are still writing checks to pay a month to pay like someone. Right. Right. And why is like cryptocurrency or Ton a better than previous digital payments like Visa, MasterCard or credit card? Like what's the benefits here? Well, I think it's the removing the middlemen. Right. Like the main promise of crypto has always been just to remove anyone that's in intermediating your transactions. So you're just doing P2P transfers. That gives you a whole load of benefits. Like, okay, now I don't need to pay any transaction fees. Right. It's cheaper. I pay less transaction fees between sending money from one place to another. So consumer will know that, like they don't need to pay for it. Consumer gets a cheaper transaction. Right. Right. It also, without middlemen, now I can custody my own assets. So I can control my own assets. I don't need to give over control over to a bank that, as we've seen with SVB Bank, that bank went down. That's Silicon Valley Bank. Silicon Valley Bank. Right. Right. That bank went down and some people lost their deposits. Right. And so you don't need to worry about bank runs. So these kinds of things, they're not necessary to talk about, actually, for the mainstream user. But there are important developments and improvements on the technology that allow, that help to improve people's lives. Right. But then at the same time, if you talk about the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, the FTX collapse is also another factor. So reflecting that there's also risk of cryptocurrency. Right. So, I mean, is there any like, and also at the same time, like cryptocurrency is not regulated at the moment. So I think that's the thing that consumer might not be comfortable about. Right. So how do you, what kind of things that you think Ton or cryptocurrency can do that can help rebuild the confidence in the cryptocurrency? Is it for like more activities or app use? Because you also mentioned Telegram, right? Which also has suffers its shares of scandals because the CEO was arrested in Paris in August last year. So I was just wondering how do you, what's your plan? Like what's the, what do you think the cryptocurrency industry can do basically? Well, I think the cryptocurrency industry, just as I was saying before, is like it needs to remove the aspects of philosophy, technology, financialization and focus on the real value of what it can, what it can provide. Right. To users. If you can, if we can do that, if we can change how we talk about crypto to be more values based, then, then people start to understand, okay, what this is valuable. Okay. Now I can send money across the world instantly and freely. Okay. Now, now I don't need to worry about a bank going down. Right. Like they, they understand the value by using it versus like us trying to tell people about it. Is there an example that you can provide? Like, uh, cause telegram it's like messaging app. Like, yeah. Is there any like, like, like, is it like sending gifts or like sharing messaging with your friends where that you can encourage activities? Do you mind to provide more examples or us over that? Yeah. So, so in telegram, uh, uh, the, the main, one of the main use cases people are using crypto now is in these interactions where we are enriching the social experience. Right. Right. So when I say enriching the social experience, it's like, how do I one-to-one speak to you in a, in a more interesting and, and a fun way? Right. So I can buy telegram premium with ton and telegram premium gives me access to emojis, statuses, stories, um, uh, animated, uh, stickers. Right. And these are all new ways which I can enrich my social experience with people one-to-one people in chats. And I will pay for it. Yeah. And you pay for it. Like, how do you do that? Like, so there's, there's, well, there's 10, there's, uh, I think 12 million users now paying for telegram premium every single month. Um, and you can pay for it using Tom coin, uh, inside of the telegram platform. So, so that's, that's, that's, uh, that's one thing that you can do. Another thing is telegram has just launched telegram gifts. Right. So telegram gifts are, um, gifts you can give to, uh, other people. Okay. Right. In your chats, in your DMS. And then they, uh, they can be upgraded into an NFT on Tom blockchain. So it's like opening up a pack of Pokemon cards. Okay. Right. And then you, you open a pack of Pokemon cards and all of a sudden you're like surprised with, oh, I've got a charizard or something. Right. Right. Right. Right. So this is, so this is the same process. Someone gives you a gift, you click upgrade, you pay the gas fee, the transaction fee. And, uh, and then your gift visibly upgrades before your eyes, uh, into something, uh, that you can then sell on Tom blockchain. It does sound like to me a little bit like the WeChat we heard about in China. Right. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. But then the problem is that like you, what you want to do is kind of like cross border, I suppose. But then WeChat is like in China and it's like a closed garden. So you need, there's a lot of like regulations that you need to deal with in different countries and so on. And at the moment we see like there's a shift political shift in, uh, in crypto regulation in the U S but then you don't see that in other countries yet. Yeah. So how do you mind to tell me a little bit like how does the regulation change affect the next adoption of crypto? Uh, so I obviously regulation is extremely important. Um, and I think it's like one of the most bullish things about this year now is that the U S is, is kind of changing its position where, where before they've been a major enforcer of regulation. And, and, uh, in some people's minds, like anti innovation in this space now is going to be changing. They have, uh, uh, one interesting thing is the crypto, uh, the head of the crypto task force in the SEC, Hester Pierce, she was actually vocal about the SEC enforcement action they took against Telegram back in 2019, when Telegram initially did an ICO. So SEC is the U S Regulator of Securities Exchange Commission for the financial industry essentially, right? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So back then they took down. So, but so Hester Pierce, uh, was vocal against, uh, the anti innovative policy of enforcing action on Telegram. And so it's interesting and bullish to see like that's the type of people that are getting put into power in this new administration. And I guess it will come with some clarity over what, what exactly is an okay crypto asset and what's a not okay crypto asset. Um, which is, I think the whole world is, is kind of waiting for that clarity to see this whole industry is waiting for the, for this clarity for years. Um, and it's come with the adoption by financial institutions. It's come with like the adoption of, of it by, uh, a president sitting president of the United States. Yeah. Um, and so, yeah, regulation important to navigate, but for torn, like we, as a blockchain layer, um, we provide an application, uh, technology to build on top of, right? So, uh, and the same for Telegram. Telegram provides a technology to build on top of. So Telegram has the mini apps platform, right? That's like a front end experience where you can build an app inside of Telegram. And then Tom provides the back end experience of like, here's how I connect my mini app to a blockchain and I can make transactions. Um, and it's the applications themselves that I think are going to need to worry about the regulation, right? So if I'm an app in Indonesia, uh, is my activities regulated and, uh, and legal in Indonesia? Yes. Great. Is it legal and regulated in the Philippines? No. So I can't be there. Uh, but in Telegram, you can actually geo block the, uh, the users from particular countries. Right, right. I see. So that's the thing. So, um, uh, is that what, what, like, it sounds like to me, there seems to be a long journey towards the next phase of adoption though. What, uh, how long do you think it would take? Like, would it be like in five, 10 years before, like we see something like WeChat happening in the, in the Western world? Well, at Tone, we've got a goal of 500 million users onboarded to Tone by 2028. And what is it now? Again? Um, so we have 114 million, uh, Tone coin holders. Right, right, right. Uh, right now, which is, uh, a pretty incredible number considering we've, we've, we've, that's happened solely just in the last year. A hundred million people have been onboarded onto, onto Tone network. Yeah. Um, so yes, it's, it's a very, very, uh, incredible time. And I think what needs to happen is Tone needs to really become this super app. Yeah. For the world. Yeah. Um, where you're interacting with it through Telegram. It's simple, easy to use. And the apps themselves are talking not about the speculation, not about the philosophy, not about, um, technology, but about the value. Like what, why, and why is my app useful? So one thing in particular with value is like with AI agents. Yeah. Very excited about this particular space. Um, and I think AI agents can become this next disintermediation of even the user, user experience. Right? You don't, with an AI agent, you just speak to them, you go straight to the value straight to what you want. So, um, imagine now when an AI agent can connect to Uber or connect to, uh, food panda or deliveroo or connect to booking.com and I'm funding the AI agent. Yeah. And then I'm, I'm asking the AI agent to, Hey, go out and get me my, my favorite pizza from my favorite restaurant. Right. Order me a taxi to pick me up from where I'm at, where I'm at right now. Uh, put me into my favorite hotel. Right. These are, these are the things that could be enabled with AI agents plus crypto. Yeah. Right. And that, that removes even the UX of apps themselves, which, you know, you could, you could say is an intermediary of like getting to the value. Yeah. So it's like, how do we remove steps to get to the value? And I think AI agents is a good way to do that. And it's very crypto native way. So that's the next phrase we will see. It seems very unimaginable, but hopefully I can see it in a few years time. Well, um, yeah, well, thank you very much for your time. Uh, it's a interesting, uh, outlook of the crypto adoption. So thank you guys. Thank you, Karen. Yeah. Thanks Jack.