 . So excited to be here, especially with my esteemed guest today, Richard Tang. He usually does not need any introductions, but just to set the stage for the question that I'm about to ask him. Richard's been the CEO of Binance since November of 2023, having already served various senior leadership roles at Binance since joining in August of 2021. Prior to that, Richard was CEO of the Financial Services Regulatory Authority at the Abu Dhabi Global Market, Chief Regulatory Officer of the Singapore Exchange, and Director of Corporate Finance in the Monetary Authority of Singapore. And I was just told by Richard backstage that Binance is now 260 million users, which is incredible. And I thought it would be really great because I don't think we get to hear a lot from you before about kind of the origin story and kind of how your leadership roles in the past now shaped the way that you think about it, being the leader of a 260 million user platform. Can you tell us a little bit more about kind of like the story and, you know, how you decided to get into this and also how that shaped the way that you're thinking about this going forward at Binance? Oh, thanks. Thanks for that. First of all, thank you for having me here on stage. And to all the friends that are coming through, good morning. To all the friends from Hong Kong. Chou San, daigahou. So let me start by saying this, right? So when I first got involved in crypto, that's around 2017, right? I was a regulator then. I discovered crypto on a visit to the United States, Bokaraton. And it intrigued me, right? So I think this is going to be a big financial future. It's going to be the future of finance. It's going to be the future of money. But for it to go mainstream, you need two dimensions to come into play. The first one, you need much clearer rules. At a point in time, crypto adoption today is probably about 7%, 8%, right? At a point in time, 2017 is probably 1%. So very early days, there are plenty of prospects on that front. But you need clarity of rules. Because for the early adopters, I think they are willing to embrace it. But for mainstream to come in, you need clear rules. What's the consumer protection? What are the boundaries that stakeholders can operate in? And the second thing, you need institutional investors. Crypto is a very unique asset class. For every other asset class in the history of mankind, it normally starts by institutional adoption, goes down to corporate treasuries, high net worth individual. And then finally, the retail are given access to it, right? Crypto has gone the other way. For the longest time, retail was embracing crypto. But none of the rest were taking this very seriously, right? So I always believe that given the use case, the utility coming through, that you'll see a huge upside on this phase. And 2024 has brought about big changes on that front. We saw much greater clarity on the rules formulation front. But also institutions start to adopt it, right? So early last year with the ETF approval, firstly in the United States, and then subsequently throughout the world, including Hong Kong. And when the big institutions such as BlackRock, Fidelity, Charles Swap, Morgan Stanley, went from skeptics in the crypto space to believers, and now all of them have a crypto agenda, you'll see that landscape shift coming through. And we saw mainstreaming of crypto last year. So just to give you some figures, right? So Binance started 2024 with 170 million users. We ended the year with 240 plus million users, right? So we added 70 million users in the course of last year. And if you think about it, how humongous is that? We are a seven-year-plus company. 30% of users are onboarded during last year, right? So it's a huge number. And by now, we have grown to close to 260 million users. So I do think that the prospect is very blank with mainstreaming. But we are still quite early. I mean, we have about 7% to 8% crypto adoption globally. So if you look at for every technology, internet, e-commerce, et cetera, once you reach the 7% to 8% threshold, the next 5% to 10% comes relatively quickly. So I do believe that we'll see that going forward. Yeah. No, I love how you put it. I was recently telling somebody how if you look at the industry, it's been kind of like two chapters in terms of the adoption story. It was like this grassroots level, bottoms up type of adoption. And then now you've got these top-down forces, right? With government, you know, kind of publicly supporting as well as that regulatory clarity. And I think right now there's a significant amount of attention, particularly around the US, right? And what's happening over there. I'd love to get your views. Like, what have you been kind of interpreting out of the recent developments with the US around being crypto friendly? And where do you think it goes from here? Well, I think if you look at what's happening in the United States, there's a big shift in sentiment, right? So under President Biden's administration, Operation Choke Point was in progress. There's, you know, there are a lot of lawsuits, regulation, buyer enforcement, which my view is the worst type of regulations possible out there. Because as regulators, you have the ability to write rules and regulations. You have the ability to articulate what you want to see from the industry and stakeholders. And the industry players will play by those rules. But failing to do so and bring industry players to court and get the court to rule whether you're right or wrong. And in many of those cases, the case failed, right? Those are the worst type of regulations. But we have gone through a landmark shift in terms of sentiment, right? With President Trump's election end of last year. And you see a bump up in terms of sentiment. I was in Davos in January this year at the World Economic Forum. And this year is quite unique. When you start talking to the global leaders as well as the financial institutions globally, unlike previous edition, when the US, being the largest economy in the world, being the largest asset allocator in the world, is extremely negative towards crypto. I think everybody else is waiting on the sideline. But since then, at Davos, I think the global leaders are starting to embrace it to say, hey, we need to have a crypto agenda as well, right? When I speak to the sovereign wealth funds, as Mr. Larry Finn from BlackRock put it so elegantly, the question by them, by the sovereign wealth fund is, should I start allocating the crypto? The question is, should I do a 2% allocation or 5% allocation, right? So you're starting to have fresh optimism coming through. And the financial institutions are now mapping up their own crypto agenda, how to support crypto, how do you use different cryptos to support different parts of the value chain. If you look at the entire infrastructure that most banks and financial institutions are built on, it's a pretty archaic system, right? So if you think about how do you do cross remittance payment and settlement, it goes through one or two correspondence banks, it's T plus two settlement, right? So the recipient received two days later, right? If you do small amount of denomination in terms of remittance, it's extremely costly. The fees can be up to 10%, 15%, right? So, but if you do it via blockchain and crypto, instantaneous fraction of the cost is great for end users. So again, another example, between 2022 to 2024, where we introduced things like Binance Pay, we saw about $26 billion in terms of usage, right? At a fraction of the price of what traditional financial institution charges. And that saved our users close to $1.75 billion in terms of cost, even at a very conservative rate of 6%, right? But for the denomination that they transfer, average size is about $500. Normally the banks and the institutions and their money transfer agencies charge north of 10%, right? So even at a very conservative manner, you can see how crypto is bringing all these important use cases to the marketplace. Yeah. Yeah. Just sticking with the US things, are there any strategy plans for Binance in the US? Well, we are adopting a watching brief at this point in time. I think we applaud President Trump appointing very pro-crypto administrators, politicians and agency leaders now, right? So we saw Mr. David Sachs being appointed as AI and crypto czar. And that is a realisation that if you look at these two fundamental technologies, AI and crypto, they will drive every economic subsector going forward. Because everything will be built on these two fundamental technologies going forward, right? So I think that's a brilliant move. And that has caught the worst attention. And many people are thinking, should I also appoint an AI and crypto czar to do overall coordination with the government? How do we embrace these two important sectors, right? But also the different agencies coming out. And we do hope that the next set of rules and regulations governing the US is going to support the innovative aspects of it, as well as manage the risk aspect. But since then, we have gotten, I mean, we are the largest player, largest exchange globally. But since then, we have gotten many approaches by different governments to help them to look at their regulatory framework, if they already have one. But if you do not have a regulatory framework, they are asking us for support to help them formulate one that really supports their crypto agenda going forward. So we are bullish. And the US has an outsized influence globally, right? So I think all those rules and regulations coming through in the States are going to have influence on global outlook in this space. No, very interesting. I'm glad you brought up the whole AI and crypto czar thing, because I think that's also quite interesting, right? Like these are two of the most, I guess, impactful and important technological themes of this generation, as AI and blockchain. I'm curious to know from your perspective, where do you see this converging? Like how does it express itself going forward? Because I think there's been so much news, particularly over the past couple of weeks, related to, you know, DeepSeq and what's happening with AI and what's going on with that. And it seems a little bit like it's still on a different track from the conversations we're having in the blockchain space. But where do you see it coming together? And where do you think it goes from there? Well, I think on two fronts, right? So at the industry level and then also at the organization level. So if you look at the industry level, I do see greater convergence, right? AI and crypto, right? So you have AI agents, you have AI tokens coming through. People are trying to harness AI in terms of how they do their developments, etc. And those are key positives. So we are going to see quite a fair bit of convergence, right? The utilization of these two fundamental technologies in how they build products, how they build projects. And that's at a broader industry level. At the organization level, I mentioned we have 260 million users. We have, you know, slightly more than 6,000 staff now. We can't afford to add more people all the time, right? To support our global deployment. So the usage of, again, these two fundamental technologies will help in that. So we're not only exploring things at a fundamental level, like for customer agents, but also how do you use AI to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of your compliance function much better, right? How do you do KYC, KYB, transaction monitoring, market surveillance? How do you run your operations in a much more efficient manner, etc.? So we are exploring AI in different facades of the organization to make it a very high performance organization. 6,000 plus people is not big, by the way. So we are actually a very efficient organization. But still, we are considering the use of AI to make us even better on their front. Yeah, that's very interesting. You know, we wrote a report about two months ago, estimating the cryptocurrency adoption in this space. And I think it was an estimate of 22% adoption for Asia versus the rest of the world, which was on average about 7.8. I bring this up because, you know, one of the things that I heard that you're quite interested in talking about, too, is also financial inclusion. And I wanted to kind of just, you know, if we were to level set and kind of ask you to give us kind of a report card on, you know, the industry and how we're thinking about this, has it actually fulfilled, I guess, the promise and dreams of, you know, being able to decentralize, you know, the ability for people to access a financial system and actually have greater financial inclusion? And I think in particular, given that we're here in Hong Kong, Hong Kong and Asia, I'd love to kind of get your views on kind of particularly what's happening here in Asia and what you see. Yeah, so you brought up an extremely good point, right? So I started my career about 30 years ago with the Central Bank of Singapore. And even since 30 years ago, right, the central bankers, the financial regulators, the financial institutions all saying that we need to do a better job in terms of financial inclusion. Thirty years later, 1.5 billion people around the world are still not being included in the financial system. They are unbanked, they have no access to the banking system, no access to the payment system. Let me relate a story to you, right? So I was at a conference in Europe speaking about crypto. I was put on the panel with three bankers and one person from the International Monetary Fund, the IMF, right? So the bankers were having a go at me to say that, you know, crypto is irrelevant, crypto is evil, etc. And the IMF official stepped in to say that the very reason crypto exists is because you have filled in your job in terms of bringing up about financial inclusion. And I applaud that view, right? So if you look at it, why did AI exist and was embraced by retail is because it solved all the important pain points around the world. I travel the world quite extensively. Many parts of the world has financial inclusion at 10 to 20%, right? And if you look at it, 80% of the people have no access to payments, no access to banking system, no access to store of wealth. Crypto doesn't differentiate. You can get access to it 24-7 despite the different status, right? Banks, you need to meet a certain threshold. You need to be able to make for the banks to make profit from you before they onboard you and serve you in that sense, right? Crypto doesn't do that. I mean, we don't differentiate our clients on that front, right? So in many parts of the world, crypto become the only means for them to do domestic payment, cross-border payment at a fraction of the cost of what traditional financial institution charge. It's all wealth. If you look at the hyperinflationary situation in the last few years in many of these countries where local currency is going through a huge depreciation, they are much better off holding on to stable coins. They are actually much better off holding on to bitcoin, right? And many of the other tokens. You can say, you know, tokens go through a fluctuation. But if you look at price performance, they are much better than many of the fiat throughout the world, right? Even against the best performing currency, which is US dollar globally, bitcoin has just outperformed, right? So many of these families store their wealth in all these tokens and crypto, which is why there's such a big embracement. So people don't appreciate that. Crypto is here actually to solve problems and people continue to embrace it and understand the utility and use case because it continues to improve the lives of so many around the world. Yeah. Well, I think we've got time for one last question. Yesterday, we had a conversation about DeFi and I thought that was quite interesting because we've got a lot of people here that also have been following that quite closely. Do you see kind of the future of DeFi as something that this particular space shifts into, separates, converges? What are your thoughts as to kind of how that path goes forward from here? Well, there are two schools of thoughts, right? So the one school of thought is you're going to see greater convergence. Another school of thought is it's going to stay quite distinct, right? My view is it's too early to say. It really depends on what the global policy makers and regulators make up of it and how the industry embraces it at this point in time. So if you look at this space, now people like ourselves are heavily regulated. I mean, Binance is licensed and regulated in 21 different jurisdictions, making us the most licensed exchange globally. So it comes with that, it comes with plenty of responsibility, investments in compliance space, security, etc., etc. DeFi space is not quite regulated. And as that space continues to grow, regulators might then shift their attention from the current, you know, centralized space to the decentralized space and pay much great attention to that. So that could bring about convergence when you apply the same standards, right? At the same time, you have what we call crypto de-gens that still try to operate in a DeFi space. So it really depends how the industry, how the community maps out on that front. But it's going to be very fluid, right? Can't make a prediction on that front. But both will continue to grow in my view. So, yeah. Cool. Well, join me to thank you, Richard, for joining us on stage. We're at time. Thank you so much, Richard, for taking the time with us today. Thanks for having me. Great.