 Hello everyone, good afternoon. Welcome back to the discussion on where the VC are placing bat on. So we have a great lineup of panelists here, incredible friends of mine, sharing thought with us today. So yeah, let's start by, you know, let them introduce themselves and organization they represent. Maybe we can start with Adrian. Sure. Hi everyone. My name is Adrian. I'm the founder of Neumann. We have been investing in Web3 and other pioneer tech since 2022. So it's three years for this year. Based in Hong Kong, we have a strong interest in consumer crypto and DeFi on Bitcoin. Great. Hi. I'm Akio Tanaka from IVC. I'm a co-founder of IVC, but also a separate non-crypto traditional VC fund headline Asia. So we actually invest mainly Asia, but on the Web3 crypto side, we are global investor. And I think we are probably one of the most active seed investors in Web3, especially with a base in Japan. We currently have our main offices in Tokyo, Taipei, but also have our team members spread out west of Asia. Hi. My name is Yen and I'm with the Titan Fund. We are relatively new fund. We launched in October 2023 with 100 million AUM. And our focus is to invest in early stage Web3 globally. We have two offices, one in Hong Kong and one in Toronto. And we are in active deployment mode. Focus is financial services, consumer and infrastructure. All right, guys. I'm Ian, VP at Forsyte Ventures. You might see this introduction for many times as I'm hosting like three panels already. But yeah, Forsyte, I mean, long words short, right? We are trying to bridge the Western and Eastern, make our special value add in the space. We have huge resource in, you know, the media, traditional bank, a lot of them. So AUM is around like $500 million, mainly focus on AI and crypto investment and also like the crypto payment. So yeah, so why not like start? I'll try to make the panel spicier, but no pressure. But yeah, let's start with the first question. I'm trying to make it as non-consensuous as possible. So if there is a topic or a narrative, you guys will think that is, you know, kind of fade away for a while. But you guys still think they can have a chance to make a comeback. What's the number one you guys would pick? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I can start. It hasn't really faded away, I think, but it started very early, which is RWA. And when I entered the space in 2017, then a lot of people were talking about RWA. And at that time it was mostly about real estate, about fixed incomes of very traditional financial products. And then when DeFi summer hit and NFTs, everyone forgot about RWA. And I think the market has matured. And in the last two years, you actually see that a lot of companies are really building products that can be tokenized. And I think people are doing this now in different asset classes. Now they're doing this with, say, money market instruments. Right? And you have companies that have grown very, very big. So for me, that asset class is here to stay and will become over time bigger. So that's for me RWA. Okay. I have then something else. So I was just, I just had a one-on-one interview session with Sebastian from Sandbox. And one of the topics we talked about, in fact, was that. So, you know, I think, I remember I had this conversation in Japan. This was around last Christmas. And I was sitting with a lot of VC investors in Japan. Some Web2, some Web3 investors. And pretty much, I think the consensus there was metaverse was dead. And, but I had a slightly different view because I had some metaverse-related portfolios. I was just having the same conversation. So the next day, I actually shared my feedback. Hey, all my investor friends are telling me metaverse is dead. What do you think? And he asked me, how old are the people I'm talking to? And he said, and according to the data they've been collecting, metaverse is dead if you're 40 and above. And there's something different happening, people 30 and below. And in fact, we have now kind of a new generation of young creators who are only doing business on metaverse. And some of them are now annually making income that's equivalent to professional sports players. And I think, you know, obviously, if you use very narrow definition of metaverse as something natively Web3 and blockchain based, then yes, maybe it's not that big. But if you have a slightly more broader definition of metaverse, if you could include Roblox, you know, VRChat and others, now you have a platform that has over 100 million monthly active users. And yes, I'm not active there. But my kids, they spend all of their after school hours on Roblox. So we have actually a different type of generational training and socialization and economy that's being built there. And I can report to you, this is not made up. For the last three years, my kids, one in elementary school and one in middle school, only thing they want for Christmas is Roblox points. And, you know, it saved my life. I don't have to go to Toys R Us and those places anymore. Can I be your kid? Yes. Oh, you don't allow your kids to buy Roblox points. For me, it saves time, so I'm fine. But, you know, so there, I think there's this whole new generation of youngsters below us. For them, Metaverse is not some weird place, but this is where they spend all their school afternoons. Well, I do agree on the Metaverse part. And my pick is actually NFTs, but I'll talk about that later. For Metaverse, the issue was we couldn't figure out what's crypto's role in some of the Metaverse projects. But the reality is, you know, as we invested in, I think, Epic Games back in 2020, the Fortnite was the first one to really adopt a 10 million users' Metaverse. Travis Scott has hosted a concert within Fortnite, and that's a Metaverse. And that was my kid's first concert ever in life. Oh, looks like we did a good investment. And, you know, people interact in the Metaverse to buy products, consume the products digitally, listen to virtual artists in a digital way. It's an experience that we never had before, even when I was, you know, I'm old already, so I haven't experienced that. And I never could imagine kids experience that. So I do think that when we put Web3 and crypto into Metaverse and talk about that together, it comes back to the utilities of tokens and all that. And RWA, which I agree a lot, is more about you are equity investors or you are token investors. Now, RWA reflected in the token. There are some of them that perform well. But at the end of the day, it is a different risk appetite and different target audience buying these tokens. I believe in if we are going to put more time in RWA, we'd rather have equity accrual, the value accrual on the equity side. How can you generate more cash flow? How can you take in LPs in a more efficient way? How can you reduce your operational costs from an RWA perspective? Now, when we look at NFTs, as you look at my pictures here with the McDonald head, signifying the bear market, is because we have been a huge investor in the NFT space. We are the lead investor of MemeLand by 9Gap, which is a huge news coming up today, launching a paying token. We are investing in Igu, Pudget Penguins' parent company. I'm advisor of Asuki. We invest in Eucalab, so on and so on. But the whole reason is because we think that the native IP creation in Web3, has transformed from last year's to now. So meaning that Pudget Penguins was like $2 million two years ago, when Nuke Nets bought it out. Now it's valued at around $2 billion OTC, right? As an overall company. And you never could imagine an IP being created out of Web3 space with just maybe several millions of users. Versus Japan's traditional animation, Korea's K-pop IP. I do think that we have went on to have gone into a stage that native IP created by younger generations in a different format and different technologies. So most say NFTs are dead ever since tokens were launched by several projects. I say it's the beginning. I see. Yeah. So before I have my answer, how many ZK developer are there? Raise your hand. One. Okay. Only one. Okay. Yeah. That proved myself. Yeah. I mean, I think ZK is one of the few that actually kind of fade out. But it have a very good like trend in the very beginning. But from my perspective, I think it's still have a chance to really make a comeback because the very core thing it provide is not like efficiency or encryption, something like that. But it's more of the trustless feature that it brings to the blockchain. And that's very crucial. That's probably one best match of the blockchain that a technology can provide. So I would say, and only ZK can provide. There's no other like, not FHE, not TE, not other things. So I think ZK by this kind of feature can definitely have a chance to make a comeback. Maybe in the future. We'll see. But... So Ian, why do you think it hasn't really taken off? Although it had a really initial, you know, I think activity. I think everyone was on ZK for a little while. Yeah, I would say for now it doesn't, except for like the layer two or a blockchain infra, it doesn't find a good field to really make use of it like the trustless future. But I think with the AI or the data layer really thriving, I would say maybe it can find a good spot to really thrive again. Yeah. But yeah. So coming to the next question. So let's zoom in to the like the really hot topic like AI agent or the meme or what I would say, like AI framework. We're trying to talking about. But what's the number one pick you guys are recently spending most of the time doing researching or spending most of attention doing investment on? Like you would share with us. Who goes first? Adrian? Well, I haven't, I haven't done a particular, I mean, I'm not focused on a particular sector lately. And the over the last several months, I'm quite different from other venture investors that I was deep in the trenches. Like I trade all the meme coins for the sake of learning about how they are being launched. You know, Trump token launch, I was looking at $1 billion, go to $13 billion. I would trade in, trade out, looking in the flow of GMGN on Telegram. I was looking at Libra, Ruttet obviously, Payne token this morning and all this. But the main point here is, I think for upcoming several months, it's not about which sector they're going to pick, right? There's AI crypto, there is Web Free Gaming, there's DeFi. I think most of this have proven themselves in one or two free use cases. It's about tokens fundamental. I think the fact, the question that we have to ask ourselves is, and we don't have to lie to ourselves, is token needed in some of the projects? You know, MemeCoin is basically coming out and saying that, hey, this all your tier tokens, just step aside. We are the one that retail wants and it proved itself for three months, four months. So the three months that I've been focused on trading this coin is to learn about our go-to-market strategies. And how can we learn from those and suggest to our portfolios, which are rolling out not MemeCoins, they are in gaming, they are in metaverse, they are in RWA. Can you adopt and learn partially from the MemeCoin structures such that retails will enjoy playing around with these tokens? Now, it's not that I... Do you find those strategies actually workable for non-MemeCoins? For non-MemeCoins, right? Yeah. Actually, I was just on board as a advisor for revolving games. It's a web-free game that is going to have TGE pretty soon. So, you know, all the projects last several months was talking about, hey, let's unlock all the tokens at TGE. And Pengu tokens did well with that in December. And in January, you see a lot of tokens trying to unlock everything on day one, and they got screwed by the market. Right? And now, fast forward to February, something I learned from PIN as a MemeCoin today, they actually have a tokenomics. There's a tokenomics with like Quirly ecosystem partners that pre-sales. So I think we are actually approaching towards a tokenomics that kind of like utility tokens that we launched before, but with more transparency on investing schedules and more unlock on TGE, but not 100%, like 20% to 30%, and more liquidity for going to the retail's hand on day one instead of for the foundations. So ultimately, I think the market went to a balance between the MemeCoin structures and utility tokens. I'll let you guys talk about it. Yeah. So I can talk about maybe payment space. So because we do both Web 2 and Web 3 investments, one of the kind actually overlapping area was actually related to fintech and payment. And this kind of came out of an accident. We invested, we backed one crypto project in Latin America that was run by a famous professor in the Bitcoin space in Brazil. And the company is called Bello. And they basically built alternate banking infrastructure for small businesses and freelancers based in Latin America who do a lot of projects for outside world. Let's say you have a programmer based in Brazil by your clients in Europe and or your designer based in Chile and you're working for some US company doing design. So there's a lot of those workers there who do business with outside of Latin America. And obviously, the common currency there is US dollar. But if you are going through traditional banking infrastructure there, it's very slow and expensive to receive money from overseas. And my understanding a lot of also Brazilian banks now have monthly account maintenance fee. So not only they are slow and expensive, but they also make you pay for the privilege of using their bank. So they built something completely outside of the banking system using their Web3 stack, stable coins. But they also built in some on-ramp, off-ramping capabilities. Now, you know, we only participated in the seed round. But what happened? The company basically became profitable after that. And three years later, they have now, I think, about half a million active businesses on their platform a month. And they are basically now generating not the transactions, the fees that are now approaching three digit millions in US dollars. So we realized, holy shit, this is just happening out of Latin America. And we didn't even think a lot to invest in this one. We just bet on a very interesting professor. Now, I'm actually trying to apply that lesson in Japan. Because in Japan, we've co-invested in a stable coin company with Circle called JPYC there. And I have recently also found a player that actually has wallet reach of about two thirds of Japan's population. So somehow, if you could combine these, maybe we can actually replicate what's happening in Brazil. And Japan is also not a very efficient financial market. Local transactions with it domestically, as a consumer, if you are paying for it, it costs you over $2 to send money inside Japan. Inside Japan. And it's not even real time. So there's actually a lot of room. So in Latin America, it was between Latin America and outside world. But in Japan, domestically, we have similar problems. So we think it's actually an interesting area to disrupt. And maybe this is interesting, marriage of Web 2 world and Web 3 world. Yeah. Our fund is a more traditional venture capital fund. We invest early stage seeds and even beyond sometimes. And we generally stick with the founders for the next five to 10 years. Of course, we have a fund life and we need to exit at some point. So when it comes to AI, my view, our view is we are very early. And the last year, year and a half, what we have seen was a lot of narrative, a lot of narrative driven investments. People coming out with a very, very sexy theme. And then I think when you do a lot of research, then you realize actually it's mostly hype. Yeah. So we don't want to invest in that. I think that AI itself will be commoditized in the next five years. So many smart people, much smarter than me, are building AI products. But where I am interested is how are we going to use them at the application level? So I think that's where Asia is going to probably lead in the near future. They will come up with applications using AI that will really, where they can roll it out to a large audience. And these are the things that we're looking at. What we have invested in so far is a AI, a compute platform that tokenizes compute. We think that's something in the future that's going to be a currency itself, compute. And if we all believe, and I think most of the people here believe that AI will be very relevant, then AI is a kind of gold or the Bitcoin for AI. In terms of applications, what are you betting on? So, for example, we did look at virtual in terms of infrastructure. I think it's highly interesting. But I think there's too much speculation around the token and it's too much hyped up. But we are looking at things like that. We're looking at the orchestration for various AI agents, how they interact. Me personally, I think tokens will be the currency of transactions between AIs. I think that's probably clear. And I also don't think every AI needs a token. And if we have, I don't know, USDT, if we have USDC, which are more than 160 billion in terms of market cap, that itself I think can fuel. But I think we're early and I haven't seen that much. So we are not just driven by one cycle and where we invest now and we hope to exit at the peak. We are there for the next five, ten years. Yeah, I would totally agree. And I also agree with the AI, when we were talking about the payment, right? Because I think in general, back to the question of this panel discussion, where the VC are placing back. I don't think we have a very specific focus on like which sector we only focus on or like what else we didn't invest in. But I think it's coming to a stage that the VCs, I think we both agree, are trying to find the real demands from a product. And the real users that really needs it, maybe in their daily life, like crypto payment, imagine that. You can just, you know, spend your crypto or your stable coin, use a Visa card in your daily life. That's very sexy. So I think it's generally back to the product itself and finding the real demands, not just a big narrative that won't be come true in like five or ten years. I think that's just not generally what we are, we're going to placing bets on. Yeah, so the next question is actually kind of related to the first one, right? So we know we are making wrong decisions in the past. And what's the number one regret, you would say? Like, either in a sector or kind of a project, you guys ever like making bets on or you guys ever, you know, being spent a lot of time researching on? And actually, it's kind of, you know, either proved wrong or kind of fade away in the market. And do you guys think it's still got a chance, you know, to, are you guys like still going to like prove you are right in the future or it's going to like just keep it as it right now? Okay, I can start on this one. So it's actually not, it's a Web2 investment, but it's probably one of my biggest misses. So this was about maybe eight, nine years ago now. We have a global platform. Actually, we have built internal software to look for fast trending products and services. So basically, we have this 24-7 monitoring system. It picks up interesting things. One of the things that our US team picked up was this app that was becoming a number one app among college users in US at the time. That makes silly short videos. And the company website looked like an American company, but they couldn't find contact information. And finally, with some research, they found out it was a company based in Shanghai. And the company is called Musical.ly. And Musical.ly is basically today's TikTok. And so the US team asked me to go check them out. So I flew into Shanghai. And they were actually not in the office area, some weird residential area. And the whole team was like 10 people. And the founder's family lived in the second floor of a house. And the first floor of a house was the company. So when I arrived, that was the day they were trying to launch Android version. So they only had iOS. And so it looked very ghetto-y. And only one person spoke English. And so I asked the company, so what are you guys doing? They said, well, we tried to make an educational app and failed everywhere. And we were running out of money. Our last bet was the US market. Yes, and they said, we got into the college market. But no one's actually creating educational content with the app. They're just doing something silly. So initially, they were trying to educate them, OK, our software is to make educational content, not silly music videos. But finally, they gave up. OK, our users want to make something silly. So we're going to give you a whole bunch of silly effects and filters. Suddenly, they became number one app in the US. And so I asked the founder, OK, so how are you going to monetize? They said, we don't know. And do you have any relationship with big corporates? They said, yes. All the major music labels like Universal, Sony Music, they're all suing us for illegal usage of music. So we hesitated. So we said, OK, this is such a positive app. But they haven't figured out the business model. There's just litigation risk. So basically, we sat on it for about six months. By then, some other Chinese VCs invested in them. And so the company, three years after that, got acquired by TikTok's parent company, ByteDance, for about a billion dollars. So that was one of the biggest myths. So I guess my lesson is if something's getting super good traction, forget about business model. And maybe more legal issues if it's containable. I think, just like you, follow the demand. That was my lesson. Thank you. OK. On my side, it's actually much more recent. And I think the verdict is still out there. But it's within the yield bearing stable coins. And as you may know, there's one that has gotten really, really big. And we looked at it. We had a call with the founder. And I think it's because the way it was promoted, we felt it wasn't suitable for us. And the valuation was high. And today, I think it is the number one yield bearing stable coin by market cap. And I would say that is probably one of the most, most, yeah, the one myths that I regret. How many years ago was that? No, no, that's most recent. Oh, most recent. Oh, OK. When we looked at it, it was a year, year and a half ago. Oh, OK. But what lesson you learned from it? Like, what's the point that, you know, you really didn't make that right decision on? Yeah. I think it, I underestimated the power of the community here. And I think crypto is so much about the community. And if you have the right community, then an average product can become phenomenal. And, of course, it can also go the other way. And, yeah, I think it was, I understand the power of the community that would take forward that product. Yeah. Yeah. So your assessment was average product, but excellent community? Right. Yeah. Because, I mean, very simple, the yield bearing stable coin, a lot of people can do it, right? Yeah. You understand how to hedge, use derivatives, and then you add, you know, funding rate as a, to the yield. It's not that difficult, but how do you invest between various yield bearing stable coins? And that's the, it was the community that made the difference. Yeah. So that's something in, especially in Web3, which you cannot underestimate. Yeah. I would agree. Adrian. Well, I, but by dollar amount is, the biggest miss I had is back in 2016 when I was still with Trefi, I was a BlackRock principal investment. One of the largest exchange by, by market cap now, if not the largest ones, reach out for investment by BlackRock. And obviously as a first layer, it was green out. But the founder asked me, do I want to angel in, in debt exchange, which will probably, if I did with that amount is probably around $200 million now. And that's by dollar amount. Yeah. But, but in terms of really mentally most disturbing kind of misses is what's in the bear market. Actually, I did invest in these companies, but I, the lessons I had is I should have invest more. And I'll explain why. So it's, it's a story that I always tell people when I invested in Meme Land. I met the founder for five minutes. I put a ticket and we as the first, we are the first investor. And I put a small ticket at that time. It's not huge. Um, but, uh, what the lesson I learned is the founder perseverance and dedication in a bear market actually prove everything. And we should have, I should have bet a much bigger ticket at that point to concentrate our portfolios instead of spreading around. There's another company that we still invested for several rounds in a bear market. The founders lose all the monies in FTX and he sold his house. He mortgages stuff and it's kind of went bankrupt, but the company is still running at that point. In the bear market, they asked us to, you know, do we want to acquire 40% of the company in a minority? It's a minority. They still own majority, uh, by I think half a million dollars, which would work around, uh, last several months, $16 million. So I didn't do it. I don't think I, I didn't think I appreciate enough of the founders' perseverance. So, which a lot of times we focus on the product, communities, the quality of the founders, but sometimes the dedication is actually matter the most. So that's a lesson I learned. But for Mimlan, you said you made this decision in five minutes. What was going through your mind in that five minutes? Do you know 9GAC? Is that why you invested in or? I think it is, it was, it was the first reason was because the founder, Ray, he was, which was around here today as well, um, has a whole idea around how creative economy should evolve in Web2 and why it didn't work. Mm-hmm. And why Web3 could help out, uh, for creators to make more money, which is, you know, Harrod from Payne is a creator and how we can, as a Web3 economy, make them, help them make money. There's a lot of, a lot of founders which experience a lot in Web2 space with 100 million users and can do it in Web3. But second is also as a Web2 founder with, on that level, you know, he was in the first Y Combinator badge with Brian Armstrong. Yes. And he could still go on in the bear market, pitch every investors and get rejected. And I think that was the moment it switched, completely pivoted from, from a Web2, uh, everyone, you know, just a centralized company makes money. To everyone's making money is kind of model. It's very difficult for Web2 to finally do that. Mm-hmm. And such that we back it, but with not a lot of monies. So. I have to, uh, wrap the discussion up because, uh, we, we, we apparently had runoff time. But, um, thank you guys so much for the incredible thought, insight, providing us today. And, um, um, we actually don't have a question, um, time for question, but feel free to, um, reach us out, um, after the panel. And, um, yeah. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.