 We raised you to leave. This is a sentence that I heard many, many times throughout my life. And when I heard it first, I really started to begin to think that my mother just wanted me out of the house. That she had had enough of cleaning my clothes and preparing my meals and it was time for me to fly the nest. And in some ways, that was probably a big part of it. But in other ways, it was a license. It was an opportunity for me to explore my curiosity, to go elsewhere and see what was out there. And my parents had created an environment and a home and a level of safety that I felt I could always go back. So there was nothing to lose. So that's something that I started to do. And throughout that journey, I met the founder of our company, Andrew Henderson, the original nomad capitalist. And he told me his story. A story somewhat similar where his father gave him the five magic words, as he calls them, which is the things that our company is built on. It's our catchphrase. Go where you're treated best. And for him, he grew up in a time where the people around him were being pressured to stay where they grew up, to stay in their local town, to provide opportunities and build for their parents. People weren't moving further afield than one town over. They went to their parents' house for dinner very regularly. And his parents were giving him permission to leave. His parents were encouraging him to go and find places where there was better opportunities, to find places where there was communities that aligned more with what he believed, more with what he wanted. For find love in different places, to be part of things that you wouldn't traditionally find at home. People often say colloquially where I'm from, where he's from in many Western cultures, they want you to root for the home team. It's a saying that we have in Nomad capitalist. They want you to root for the home team. And I'm staunchly Irish. I love where I'm from. I will never turn my back on it. It's something that's very, very important to me. Our history and our heritage is something I love. But I don't live there. Not all the time. And those things don't have to be interlinked. And that's something that Nomad capitalist has shown me. It's shown me the opportunity levels that are actually out there for you. It's shown you how to take advantage of them. It's showing that you can both love home and abroad. It's showing that a mix of cultures is more often than not the best thing that you can possibly have. Something Andrew Henderson said to me when I met him first that stuck with me for a very long time. He said, it's unlikely your country is the best at anything. Never mind everything. And he said, every single country has something to offer. Every single city, every single place, every single culture, every single religion has something to offer. Why not take the best of all of it? Why not take the parts that you like to associate with, the things that you're interested in, and build the kind of life that you want. Build the kind of community that you want. Build the kind of business that you want. Serve the type of clients that you want. Why we felt the need to restrict ourselves, I don't know. But it's an old-fashioned mindset, and we're here to look for the new mindset that gives you those opportunities, and really opens up that world to you, and make the world your oyster. Enter those new marketplaces. Get those new customers. Over the past few years, I've had the pleasure to deal with a lot of our high-level customers, and create some of these plans. And throughout creating these plans, throughout looking at those wants, needs, business pains, and jurisdictions, I've got to learn more and more about what's available. And things are constantly changing. Certain things are closing. Certain things are opening. People in our industry will understand this. It's an ever-changing landscape, is what I would say. But when I look at what we do, and I look over the past two years that I've been creating plans with clients, and managing plans for clients with our team, I can break down what we do into something very core. We believe in planning. We believe in having a dedicated vision for you, your business, and your family. We believe in sitting down and creating the best possible outcomes by building a foundational layer of what you need, whether that's tax advice on a personal level, tax advice on a business level, business and company structuring, access to banking and finance, citizenships that allow you to travel to places that you couldn't before, or give you a plan B or somewhere to live and work, set up business in the future, residencies which have a similar kind of advantage. We're really all about creating options, and creating as many options as you can. Investing what you can afford to invest, to give you and your family the future that you want, to create options and spaces where they may open up in the future. We encourage people to be first. A quote that I like to live by, you can either do it better or you can be first, and it's a hell of a lot easier to be first. So for us, it's all about building that agnostic foundation that doesn't tie you to any individual place, especially if you're beginning your journey and you're leaving home. We want to create that foundational layer for business, for finance, for personal freedom, that should you choose to leave, it still serves you, that all you'll be changing is your residency or getting on a plan. Freedom in the 21st century is changing. How people live, how people work, how people invest is vastly changed in the last couple of years, and it's vastly, vastly changed in the last 20, 30 years. If you're looking for me to define freedom for you, I'm not going to be able to. It's very, very different depending on who you are. It means a lot of different things to different people. I can tell you for me, freedom is being allowed to explore, being allowed to exercise the curiosity I have to go new places, to see new things, to take the lessons I can learn from it. I can tell you for some people on my team, freedom is the ability to come in late to work in the morning, and I'm not looking at anyone in particular, but it seems to happen. Why are people searching for freedom? Why are people searching for new, different work environments? Well, it depends on where you're coming from. Traditionally, we've seen people from the West in our business migrate due to economic circumstances. They're in search of lesser taxes, in search of places that are easier to do business, where their product fit has a bigger market. Historically, we've seen people migrate for a number of different reasons. You see people migrate for black swan events, famines, wars. We've seen that again recently. What people are really looking at now when they come to us is they're looking to take some autonomy. They're looking to be in somewhat of a controlled situation where they're able to pick a place that suits them. They're looking for somewhere with a beneficial taxation system. They're looking for somewhere where business regulations suit the type of business that they want, where they have access to banking that actually provides the utility that they need, or gives them access through the KYC that's more simple from where they're coming from, or provided for what they have, or aligns with their business goals, or understands their business. Some people are seen to be in a high-risk business. Some banks understand that. Some banks don't. When we at Noma Capitals look at every country, and not just every country, but every aspect of every country, we like to look at it a little bit like a stock. It's trending one direction or the other, and very few, and very few things in general, are stayed somewhat stable. So some places are more liberal-leaning and becoming more liberal. Some places are more conservative-leaning and becoming more conservative. Some places are increasing business regulations. Some places are decreasing business regulations. And we've made it our business of being on the ground in as many countries as we can. We've worked in over 110 countries. We have 100 staff spread out over the world, experts in different areas, from real estate, citizenship, taxation, banking, to get a feel on those markets and pulse for you. So when you come to us, and you explain to us what you need and what freedom means to you, that we can point you and aim you in the correct direction. For business owners, we've seen a large number of people look at their family life and their business and find it very hard to balance them. You know, we see people who, for example, a client who's from Britain and wants to school his kids in a UK system, but still wants to get cheaper taxes, wants access to an Asian market, wants access to hire overseas in a jurisdiction where people are better qualified to do what he does for business. This isn't a simplistic thing to solve, and many people feel trapped by it, but there are locations, there are places. We make it our business to know these things. We make it our business to investigate on the ground and obviously then working through many, many cases, we've built up these case studies, these options for people, and it allows them that level of freedom. Technology has vastly changed the way we live and work. Being able to work remote and move fast, the traditional method where people, where I come from, people from a lot of Central European countries, America, we aim to work in the big office building or the skyscraper in the city close to us with our parents' hometown close by. Now you see people work globally from a remote location with a decent internet connection. You see people go to places where digital nomad visas allow them access to much cheaper costs of living, allow them access to lower taxation, allow them access to easier self-employed systems where it's a lot less setup and a lot lower barrier to entry. It also allows younger people, think about freelancers, those kind of people, to kickstart in business and get their first chance. They don't need to make as much initial capital to have the opportunity to live and work and do business for themselves. And something that we're very, very pro, as it's in the name, is being a capitalist and being able to go and start something of your own, pave your own way. Where freedoms have been laxed and have been encroached upon in the last number of years is governments. They have changed a lot of rules, they've put a lot more bureaucracy in terms and barriers for people to set up their own businesses. The lion's share of the money in Western countries goes to big corporate enterprises. The rules tend to suit them a lot better than small local businesses. And we see a lot of entrepreneurs and investors who are not of the highest network really struggle. And we're here to create opportunities for that. And what areas do you look at when you want to look at creating success for a young entrepreneur, a young startup, or a smaller based company? Well, you want to look at tax residency. So you want to look at where are you incorporated? What kind of tax are you going to pay there? What kind of cost of setup that's going to be? What kind of infliction is it going to be on your business? How much of your money can you keep to reinvest in your business and help it grow? Similarly from a tax residency on your personal tax residency. What kind of money do you need to live your life to fund your family, to do the extra pieces that you need to have to make sure that you put your maximum effort into your business? What kind of lifestyle do you want to live? What kind of time zone do you want to work in? What kind of regulatory barriers do you need to avoid? What kind of places will make this easier for you? This kind of planning has become an elite skill not available to many. And what Nomad Capitalist really aims to do is bring entrepreneurs around that six and seven figure net worth, give them the plan that they need, provide the options that they can choose from and build these modern plans, modern business setups and structures so they can benefit the most from these. Let me tell you about three different clients I have and how different freedom can be to the three of them. So one client, someone that I spoke with very early when I joined Nomad, he doesn't want to leave the US. He's very, very happy where he is. But at the same time, he wanted access to staff overseas. He wanted to lower some of the burden of costs for lesser roles that he was finding very difficult to hire for in the West, that people weren't taking as seriously. The turnover of staff was quite high. He wanted access to international banking. He wanted better deposit rates. Pretty conservative guy. He wanted fixed term deposits. In the US, in most Western countries, the rates on those can be very low. Access to those funds can require huge sums of capital. So we helped him with an offshore residency, which is something else he wanted to look at, just as a backup plan. Nothing crazy, just something small, Latin America. And ultimately, he decided to get a second passport, just in case, to give him a level of comfort. No major driver other than that. We implemented this plan over 12 months. He's been a long-term customer of ours, and he's very happy. He doesn't fit the traditional mold of people that we meet who are interested in actively migrating or are looking for a passport to give them access to something. It was very much a plan B and a backup plan. But also, he gained a lot of ROI off the utility he gained from his business. When we coupled hiring overseas in a jurisdiction that served some of his time zones better, that worked out ultimately cheaper for him, that contributed more to the country where those jobs are harder to find, when he got access to banking, he got access to deposit and interest rates that he couldn't have got before, it's very quickly ROI'd for him. And he's a long-term customer, and he always will be, because we showed him that what he looked for was possible, where he traditionally bumped into people who would have said, you know, you're crazy. Why would you look at that? Do everything in your local town. I'll give you another example of a client I have from the UK. Now, this client is slightly different. He was far more motivated by the fact that he does not align with where he's from. He grew up in the UK. He lives in a relatively small city. He no longer wanted to be there. He had a wife and kids and family. Now, for him, this was a challenging and daunting thing. He had never lived abroad. He had traveled, not very much. And he was deciding, and when we worked on the plan together, we decided to move him to Malaysia, which, although, yes, there's a lot of similarities in Great Britain and Malaysia. You drive on the same side of the road, they have the same type of plugs. It's still a big culture shock. But for him, we showed him that a lot of his biggest fears were easily alleviated. There's excellent private British schools in Malaysia. His children get a very high standard of schooling, probably higher than the specific school he was coming from. The taxation situation is a lot better. Not that tax was a huge driver for him, but he was still saving some money. The cost of living is cheaper. He still has access to major Western luxuries, a misconception a lot of people have that many of these cities in Asia don't have access to the same things as the West. In fact, they often do, and many more, especially when it comes to luxury shopping and luxury living. We had a very good conversation when we were speaking with him first, and he was very concerned about buying a property. And as someone who's helped people buy an incredible amount of property in the US, and was talking about a similar cost to where I'm from in Ireland, for the 400k that it would cost you to buy a very small apartment where I'm from, 400k in Malaysia can get you a 28th floor, four bedroom, white marble covered kitchen, extreme luxury property, something that he's amazed by and very, very happy with, and he bought pretty much instantly. And overall, he's very, very happy where he moved, and I don't think he'll ever move back. And now I'll tell you about a different type of customer, one of our early customers, who I didn't serve originally when he came to know my capitalist, but he's a long-term client. His plan started off with wanting to travel, wanting to see. He's similar to me. He's curious. He wanted to explore. This man now travels to 12 different destinations every year. He spends one month per place. He's got 10 permanent places that he goes. He owns six of those homes, six others he rents in around local areas that he likes, and two floating places that he does every year. His structure was incredibly more difficult. We had to put things in place where he could have access to many more countries. At the same time, it's a lot more flexible because he's not tied to any one individual place. He has a tax residency in somewhere that doesn't require him to show much physical presence. He can pay zero taxes. He has banks in different areas. He puts fixed-term deposits in cold storage in big Singaporean and Swiss banks. He has transactional banks in the different areas that he goes. He uses different cards depending on where he is. And he has a business setup that's completely irrelevant of where he is. He works remotely online. He runs his business. He's hired people all over the world. And for him, it's a much more flexible lifestyle. Not one many will look after, but it's something that we can help you obtain, and it's something we can help you maintain. So embracing a borderless future and talking specifically about citizenship, the power of second passports, the power of second residencies. Before World War I, no one really had a passport. At the time, they began issuing them so people could have safe passage across different territories. It was an identification document. It was made to help. And up until recently, that's pretty much what it was. Now, every day, everybody has a passport. There's very few people without a passport. But the idea behind a passport and what it's used for has vastly changed. If you look at citizenship in the US, they use it to tax you. If you look at restrictions, there's lots of citizenship-based restrictions. If you look at where you're allowed to travel, specifically because of where you were born and the history of your country with another country, or the politics of your government, or the war that was started in your country which has absolutely nothing to do with you, you are restricted by these items. So why do people get second passports? To create opportunities. To create freedom. To give themselves the option to travel further afield. To have a backup plan. Should where they are, should war break out? Should there be a black swan event? Should there be a recession? Should someone try to take their assets? The reasons are endless. But for some people, especially in the higher network category, it's a backup plan. It's a hedge. You know, some people like to call it citizenship insurance. And if you look at like a lot of people coming from the east now, which is a much newer client base for us, it's really growing. People want access to the European market because a European passport gives you so much more than a singular passport for another country. If you can become European, you have the access to live, you have the right to work in every European country. You have access to different standards of healthcare, you have access to different standards of schooling, you have access to foreign languages if you want your children to learn them, if you want to learn them yourselves. It creates a whole host of new travel opportunities. One story I'd like to touch on because it's one of the most interesting cases I've had in Nomad. I was speaking to somebody, he's a Canadian guy later in life, had made his money, had paid his taxes, not our typical client. And as we're going through the call and as we're having the conversation, I'm thinking to myself, I don't really see what this guy is looking for. We haven't really got to the nub of it yet. And I challenged him a little bit on it and he said to me something that I don't think I'll ever forget. He was like, yeah, I'm happy to pay my taxes. I love where I'm from. But my wife is very, very sick. My wife has terminal cancer. I live in remote Canada. The healthcare expenses are outrageous. I have no idea if I'm going to be able to continue to fund them. I want access to a different type of lifestyle, but I want to live a similar type of, I want to live in a similar type of environment. But I want access to better healthcare, better insurance, and I want it at a cheaper rate. So he since has moved to Ireland, where I'm from, where he has access to this healthcare, where he has both private and public healthcare that's much more accessible to him. He's working on the path to naturalization. He'll have to spend some time there with the added benefits of, okay, this is something I can provide for my children. He moved his children with him, one of them, not all of them. They're going to work on citizenship. And for him, that's a hedge that's just very, at his net worth, is something that made him a lot more comfortable, that made his wife more comfortable as a country that he aligns with. Not something we've ever had before, something we may never had again. But to me, it's very interesting because it's a power of second citizenship I hadn't seen. People have to identify and I suppose qualify these citizenships and where they're going and where they're based, based on a number of factors. Political stability. Do you agree with the tasks of your government, with the future projections of where your government is going to go? If it's left-leaning, right-leaning, whatever it is that you're looking for. Economic stability. Do you believe in your own currency? Do you believe in the business that you take in and the investments that you make, that they're going to be stable, that they're going to continue to grow or they're going to maintain? Social stability. Do you believe that there will be civil unrest? Do you believe that everything is stable, that there will be protests, those kind of things? We see these things in different countries and there are different concerns for different parts of the world. Safety is a big piece, especially depending on where you're going. You don't want to leave one place to go to somewhere less safe. But then yet we've seen across multiple countries that are assumed to be unsafe, many people have very good experiences. So it's something to be challenged and something to be investigated. Healthcare, cost of living, you know, we talk a lot about it. You can actually afford to increase your taxes, move to somewhere that seems a little less appealing if the cost of living is lower. Now that's not the most common piece, but also you can often do both. You can move to somewhere where the taxes are lower and the cost of living is lower. I personally moved to a country called Georgia. I would never move back to Ireland full time. I absolutely love it. The taxes are an incredible amount cheaper, talking going from 55% to 1%. And the cost of living is probably a third of where it's from. So let's talk a little bit quickly about what ways you can get or how you can get second citizenship. So the quick and honest answer is there's only a number of ways. There's citizenship by descent. If someone in your ancestry was from another country, it's different for different countries. But let's say your grandparent was from another country, you can generally claim citizenship through their descent. There's citizenship by marriage. So if you marry someone from a different country, again, there's different levels of requirements. And generally speaking, you would have to live in that country for a certain amount of time. You can claim a passport for that country. Citizenship by investment, which is the most common thing that we deal with, where you can invest into a state fund, in real estate. You can donate to a government. You can buy a number of different assets. And in exchange for helping that economy and that government grow, you can get a passport. There's also the most common way to get a second passport, which is naturalization. When you immigrate to a new country and you spend the required amount of time, show interest in becoming a citizen of that country, take whatever language test that they have. For us, second citizenship is a powerful thing if it's something you can afford. And it creates a lot of future options. It's a big gift that you can give to your children if it's something that you can look into. And the requirements are getting harder and harder, so it's something we're suggesting people to see what you have to use, especially if it's descent, especially if it's by marriage. Make the best use of it. So, adapting to a changing world. The world has never been more accessible in some ways. Travel is easier than it's been and will only continue to get easier. In the 1980s, roughly 43% of the world lived in extreme poverty. The Soviet Union was in an absolute mess. The Cold War had just ended. The only place that was doing economically super strong was the US. Today, we're starting to see that flip on its head. Less than 10% of the world live in extreme poverty. Places that are previous Soviet Union, USSR, are thriving in economic business centers, some of the best and easiest places to do business, especially for new entrepreneurs. Economies are growing... Worldwide economies are growing at a rapid rate, and they're opening up more and more opportunities for foreign investment, especially from west to east. Countries are interested in diversifying. They're interested in bringing in people from abroad, bringing in taxation into their country, and they're making it easier. They're taking away bureaucratic messes. They're taking away rules and regulations that previously were put in place and maybe not thought the full way through or aren't fit for a modern society. So why invest globally? In a very basic answer, to give yourself as many options as you can. If I look at some of the investment options our clients have looked at over the last number of years, especially if you look at emerging markets, for example, one, where things are cheaper, you've less capital at risk. If you want to buy an apartment where I'm from, in the capital city of Ireland in Dublin, you'd be talking at least €1 million for something nice. If you go to an emerging country that we've seen people go into recently, you can get apartments for as little as 20, 30, 40k. You can buy hotels for 200,000 versus an apartment for 200,000. And yeah, it's slightly riskier, but you're putting a lot less capital at risk. You also have an extremely high upside. And we've seen many places and investigated many places, like Cambodia, for example, Uzbekistan. We've seen people do well in Turkey, even though it's slightly different, a bit more advanced, but also you can couple that up with citizenship. It also gives you layers of asset protection. Should anything happen in any individual country, black swan events, governments, lawsuits, by having as much of a diversified portfolio as you can, you have less influence on each individual thing if they're not tied together. For example, if you have property in the US and property in other countries heavily tied to the US, they're very influenced with each other. If you have property in Uzbekistan and property in the US, there's very little influence on each other. Ultimately, we're looking to get into the market at an earlier entry point and with an estimated higher return. And I think if you look at some of the places, especially in Central Asia, especially in Eastern Asia, there's a lot of these opportunities right now. And a lot of these residency options, a lot of real estate options will give you options to live in these places in the future. And it's also a backup plan somewhere where you can go. It's an extra place. It's an extra place to call home. It's somewhere where you might identify with in the future. And I think every country we look at now, we need to look at it like it's competing for your money, like its brand is competing for your money. Long gone are the days when everyone wanted to migrate west to the US. I think it's the polar opposite now. More millionaires are leaving the west than ever before. More people have left, more millionaires have left Britain in the last two years than in the last 10. And I think we need to look and search further afield for countries that are less traditional. And the last ones, and I'll leave you on some of these that I'll talk about, the ones that I find the most interesting, Cambodia, traditionally difficult to invest in Cambodia and real estate if you're not a citizen. But there are vehicles and funds now that are proving very, very successful. Indonesia, where buying property again isn't the simplest thing, but as we see the rise of digital workplaces and we see the rise of remote workers, we see people make very good money purely off seasonal travel, off Airbnb-ing an apartment there. We see people buy it and get residency. We see people buy it and hold it for the longer run. Somewhere we've just featured in our web series, Live Like a King, Oman, which to me was quite interesting. The UAE has become quite popular. We've seen a lot of people move to Dubai over the last number of years, but Oman is at a different level. It's much more family-orientated. It's much more reserved, but still very open to Western culture. And if you watch that video, it's very interesting. There's a real estate tour of a mansion there, six, seven bedrooms, swimming pool, very impressive place. And it's $1.2 million as opposed to what that would cost you in Los Angeles is crazy. And for some people, they'd be far more aligned with the lifestyle. Watch the video, have a look, see the shopping, see the lifestyle, see the beaches. It's not something I was expecting. And the last couple of places I'm going to talk about are Turkey, which as I said, for real estate. If you invest 400K in real estate in Turkey under certain conditions, please see terms and conditions to make sure you're in the right place. You can gain citizenship there. After five years of holding on to that real estate, you can sell that real estate. And if done correctly, it's tax-free. It can give you an ROI on the passport, on your second passport that you wanted, which we talked about earlier. Georgia, where I live. Right now in Georgia, even though property prices have raised at a crazy amount over the last couple of years, you can still invest in something very nice for $100,000. You can get tax residency in a country that doesn't charge any tax on foreign earned income. You are required to be there zero days a year to maintain it. And if you were to live a trifecta lifestyle, meaning you travel regularly, you don't spend six months in any place, you could have a completely tax-free lifestyle in a very free, very welcoming country, a place that I love, a place that I call home, a place where banking is considerably easier than anyone else, anywhere else. And again, hedge your bets and get yourself a home that you can always go to and revert to if times get tough. So, in summary, the last couple of points I'm going to make. The world is increasingly more accessible. Gain advantage by leveraging everything it has to offer. Be curious. Understand your options. Understand what options, where you have to live, where you can do business, where you can hold your money. Be curious about the opportunities beyond your border. Allow yourself to diversify. Seek it. And I'll leave you with this. In an ever-shifting global landscape, there are always new opportunities. So go and explore. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose. Thank you.