 I'm very excited for this panel because it is an absolutely banger lineup. We are going to be talking about the future of Web3 Gaming. The title is Playing for the Future, so we want to unpack where it's going. I think if you go back to, say, 2021, the narrative was very clear. It was all about play to earn, it was all about scholarships, Axie was the big dominant game. But today, there isn't really one clear single narrative. We're going to hear from four different perspectives around what Web3 Gaming is and where it's going. As I said, banger lineup. We've got Theo here representing Gunzilla Games. They launched the absolute smash hit game off the grid on Avalanche. It really broke through and gave us all in Web3 Gaming something to be very excited about. Oh, there's a friend in the front row. We've got Gabby Dizon from Yield Guild Games. He's really looking at on-chain communities. How can guilds actually lead the future for on-chain communities? We've got Sebastian Borget. He is a co-founder of The Sandbox, which is really looking at user-generated content, very much focused on content creators. He's also the president of the Blockchain Game Alliance, our industry organization, which I'm lucky to sit on the board of. Gabby was a founding board member. And then we have Renz Chong, who is from Sovereign, formerly Breed-A-Dow, if you've heard about them. So they started out breeding Axies, but today they're actually focused on fully on-chain games and autonomous worlds. So, what I wanted to start off with is, all of you guys are approaching this from a different perspective, right? So I'd like to go down the line and hear what is your model, what are you building, and what fundamental assumptions are you making in terms of what players want? And if you're willing, why do you think the others are wrong in terms of why you're tackling it? So, Theo, do you want to kick us off? Absolutely. So there's a couple things that we look at very, very differently from traditional Web3 games. First and foremost, we make it all about the gamer. Yep. And from our perspective, what a gamer, and again, I say gamer broadly, not a Web3 gamer, not a Web2 gamer, but what a gamer wants is an entertaining experience. They don't want to mess around with setting up wallets. They don't want to mess around with on-off ramping fiat or swapping tokens. They don't even want to really focus on earning money. They want entertainment. They want a good gaming experience. Okay. So we firmly believe that everything has to be about that. And then secondary to that is your asset ownership, because that's where you can obviously do things better than current Web2 projects. You can give people the ability to own all of their own assets, trade those assets, and if they so choose, then monetize those assets by selling them on third-party marketplaces. And only after all of those things do you have the ability to create somewhat of an incentivized economy through adding a token. And to that end, what I disagree with in terms of prior Web3 projects in gaming is that we have far too many projects that are in essence gamified staking protocols. Okay. So you have some financial rewards. It's like regular staking. You have some inflationary treasury that inflates and dilutes supply. And then you have, instead of a button that's a stake, you have some sprites that you move across the screen. Oftentimes you're forced to purchase, in some cases, an expensive NFT in order to be even allowed to play the game. I won't name names, but I recently heard about a project that just kind of went bankrupt, a game that forced people to buy an NFT to join the early playtests. Like how crazy is that? Like a regular gamer would never put up with that. They'd be like, see ya. Yeah. And yeah, anyway, so that's, you know, my position. And I really, really, truly hope that once folks see a very, very successful launch, which we have coming up very, very shortly, that they will change their opinion as well and move towards the future where a user can simply load into a game without doing any of these very onerous non-starter steps, I call them, and can simply focus on a good gaming experience where blockchain technology kind of moves into the background to enhance the gaming experience, but not to replace the gaming experience. Noted. Gabby, what's your model and what does it say about your assumptions of your community? We bring gamer communities online and on-chain. This is something that we've been doing since 2020. Last year, we introduced on-chain guilds as a way for guilds to have their common registry, multi-sig wallet, and a way to have their own on-chain presence and identity. So I think that's a very important step because for these guilds that have been playing together for a long time, we wanted to build not just their identity but collective ownership of assets. So think about it as your World of Warcraft guild put on-chain. These are permanent communities that are building ownership of their own assets, collecting it in different games, collecting their reputation as well. So yeah, that's what we've been focused on. And there's just recently been more focus in putting these elements on-chain, not just individually but as a group as well. Excellent. Thank you. Seb? So our mission is to empower anyone to become a creator. We started the Sandbox originally as a mobile game. We grew it into a large success that had 14 million downloads, 17 million pyramid creation. And we rebuilt it in 2018 using blockchain and NFT at the core to allow the creator to own their digital creation, play with them, and monetize them. Today, Sandbox continues to ship major product updates for the creation tool, no code, allowing people to make fun experiences, fun games. And we doubled down our efforts to improve the kind of game that people can make. We also bring major brands and celebrities like Snoop Dogg, Walking Dead, Barry Silton, Ubisoft, recently Attack on Titan. And this year, again, we doubled down on what we already best at to bring, again, massive franchise, either Hollywood style or like Asia style. And they will bring their fun. They will allow them to discover gameplay, discover web free many times for the first time. We are giving tokens to users after they complete the first time user experience, the tutorial or some quests, onboarding them to web free through rewards and meaningful gameplay and action. And after that, we allow them to create new games using their favorite content and favorite brands, like matching creators and brands. That's exciting. That's what we are going to do. Last year, we had our season four that brought more than 580,000 unique players. We've grown to 6.3 million users with a wallet in total. This year, we'll launch three new seasons, at least probably four, that continue to build up on the success. Great mechanics, fun, battle pass and live ops, key gaming mechanics behind. And I think we'll drive even more audience to web free through that. The other thing that we're expanding upon is our vision to decentralization. We introduced the DAO last year. We had over 17 proposals voted upon by the community, over 50 discussed in the forum. The governance is in place. We support great initiatives and strategies from the communities. And now, we're also expanding something that I think went a bit unnoticed, is how we're expanding the vision of Sandbox to become more than the virtual world and the platform think about with this user-generated content no-code game maker. We want to enable anyone to make games with traditional game engine, Unity, Unreal, HTML5, push them on traditional stores, not necessarily have like the web free wallet requirements, traditional free to play monetization. But if you have a wallet or if you make a first purchase with a wallet, you connect your Sandbox account and then you can access all your digital assets, whether your LAN, your avatar or your SAN. Basically, we're not waiting for others to build and showcase what interoperability in the metaverse can be. We're bringing it ourselves. We'll be shipping free games this year. And I think in the second half of this year, we'll announce some quite important things as well to allow even more decentralization and empowering of creators for that. Nice. All right, Renz, you're last. I just wanted to say, when you introduce yourself, if you could give just a little brief introduction to what fully on-chain games and autonomous worlds actually are. Just in case anyone isn't familiar with it yet. Okay. Yeah, Renz, Sovron. So, I would say what we're trying to do is centered around autonomous worlds or fully on-chain games as well. By definition, or at least internal definition, we want it to be defined as fully permissionless and composable worlds where both humans and actually agents are able to interact in ever-evolving worlds. Or games, right? What does that really look like? So, we believe that the biggest driver of the blockchain technology inside games would be bringing things on-chain. And it doesn't need to be everything immediately on-chain, right? But specific components or specific systems be placed on-chain. Why is that? When we started with blockchain gaming, we started with bringing assets on-chain, right? And that allowed for people to have ownership, that allowed for people to be able to trade these assets and potentially earn from them, right? We thought about the same when we tokenized these assets, essentially like soft currency on-chain, right? Which is not soft currency anymore, but yeah. So, when we thought about it, okay, maybe there is actually merit into bringing a lot more of these things on-chain. Like maybe starting with AI systems or game systems, right? Like if you have RNG systems that can be placed on-chain, that can be verified, right? That might be beneficial to specific use cases, right? So, it's not that every single thing for every single game needs to be on-chain. It's that depending on what you need, modularly, right? Like we are able to take that on-chain and you have the option to actually be able to bring that on-chain. And so, ultimately, that is also our belief, right? Like we want to be able to bridge off-chain to on-chain depending on the need and the want of whoever's creating it, and the need and the want of whoever's using it, whether that may be like a human or an agent. Excellent. Thank you. All right. We've got a lot to explore in this discussion, but now you've got a bit of an overview on who everyone is. A couple of housekeeping things. Toward the end of this panel, we are actually going to open up to audience questions. So, if you have something that you would like to ask the panel, get ready, and we will have a runner with a microphone coming around to allow you to stand up and ask your question. But secondly, there's a lot to unpack here. So, I would actually like to encourage you guys to debate. So, if you hear something that one of the other speakers says that you want to shut down, please do so. Good thing you invited Theo then. Right, right. So, let's start with you actually, Theo. I want to tackle perhaps the most obvious question first. Something that I know that you feel quite passionate about. I think there are some players of off the grid who would love to see a token in the game. And I think you have a stance on that. Could you share it with us, what that is and why? Well, so I wouldn't say that there's off the grid players that want to see a token in the game. I would say that there's a faction within Web3 Gaming that firmly believes that in order for you to be a true crypto game, that you must have a token, that you must be doing airdrops, that you must be, in essence, pay people to play your game. And that is what I'm absolutely categorically against. Why? I do not believe that bribing a person by paying them to play a game provides for good experience, right, in general. If your game is good enough and entertaining enough, people will come and play the game because they want to play a game. Gamers don't look at their gaming time as a source of income. Like in some countries, of course, right, you know, even like as Axie had shown, and that was obviously a very historic moment where people could, you know, replace a year's worth of income playing, you know, Axie for a month. Until, of course, the economy broke down because there was an inflationary treasury and it just long-term wasn't sustainable. But the notion that gaming should be a source of income, in my opinion, is very misplaced and very misguided. I want to stop you there. Sure, of course. Who would like to reply? Okay, all right. So I don't like being black and white, extreme position. I think there's like something in the middle. If you did, of course, great game, fantastic gameplay, graphic, everything, you have all the key ingredients, you will attract the perfect target niche players that like this kind of game. But how do you onboard new people to discover beyond that core agent and the word of mouth that they can bring? Crypto, tokens, NFT, it brings various incentive and network effects. The fact that you can offer a reward, I didn't say airdrop, I said offer a reward that requires action and claim, I think it can be a good incentive to attract new users and new agencies to discover your game while they would not naturally be inclined to play it. And I think it's a good amount of reward for participation. It provides a dopamine effect that we see traditionally in free to play game where like as soon as you click on a button, there's like a lot of virtual currency coming up on the screen. And in a way, like it's also a better way to distribute the money that you would otherwise spend into the traditional ad network and all the web to economical space of like advertising, user acquisition, etc. So, if you're looking at the market, the value goes directly to the players, which then can decide, do they keep the currency or the token or the NFT, do they sell it to trade it to other games, creating a virtual value into the broader ecosystem of Web3, or do they actually spend it in your game? And what we see at Sandbox is a user actually spend the token that we give them, more than 80% of them spend it back into the economy of the game, supporting the creator economy, supporting buying an avatar and so on. So, I think it's like overall, there's good positive aspect to it. But of course, it's more about a question of balancing, finding the right amount to give so it's not too little, not too much. And you have to try it. Yeah, so I'm not necessarily saying that there is not a use case for it, right? There might be games where that makes perfect sense and the economy is based on a token and it all kind of is integrated. What I'm saying is that there are some games, and I believe that off the grid firmly falls into that category, where you can't make it about that, right? You still have incentivizations. For example, our early Pioneer skin, that was our first ever Battle Pass content pack that dropped during our Pioneer program, did 100x. So what used to cost, you know, 400 Testnet tokens now costs 40,000 Testnet tokens. So people still have the ability to kind of speculate on rarities and have somewhat of an incentivization to continue kind of progressing, accumulating in-game items, etc. But those are items that are useful in the game. Those are items that you can only extract from within the game or purchase it from another person that listed on the peer-to-peer marketplace that extracted it from the game. There is a direct correlation between the item and its utilization in the game. A token breaks that chain, right? A token can then be used by any of these other, you know, let's say 10 million was reported last summer by Dapp, right? Or 10 million daily active wallets that almost like a cloud of locusts just descend onto an ecosystem, extract however much value they can, and then descend onto the next ecosystem. So you're against the external liquidity that comes in that doesn't care about the game. Exactly. Precise. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The utility is super important, specifically for the game. But let me ask the audience, like, how many of you are familiar about Sandbox? All right. Oh, wow! Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. That's a good show of hands. How many of you have Sand token? How many of you have played Sandbox? Oh, wow. That's a good audience, actually. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But usually, like, the ratio of, like, knowing Sandbox and having Sand as a token contributes a lot to our brand awareness, and generally of people understanding what we do, supporting it, growing our network, without being actual players or creators. So it's a right balance of different audiences that are contributing, I think, all in valuable ways, as players, as community, as ambassadors, and so on, that you find in Web3. And I still believe, like, it's better to spend it within the Web3 ecosystem and directly to the users than to the big corporate companies that sell your data. Wait, wait, wait. So I'm keen to hear what Gabby thinks about this, because we've talked about it very much in terms of, like, games and platforms. But how do you think about it from, like, a community or, say, a guild perspective? So, for us, we organize the guilds, and we want these guilds to come in and contribute to the game communities that they're part of, and get to own assets in the long term. Of course, there's play to airdrop campaigns. Of course, people want to make money, right? But I think we really want to encourage people really coming in and then contributing to these communities, and then being able to earn from that. What do you mean by that, contributing? Because I know you've talked before about, like, the difference between community contributions versus, like, DeFi that is just perhaps extractors. So a lot of the roles we have in our community, of course, there are people who are players, right? But a lot of the people who are actually earning are content creators, they're UGC, we have our YGG Esports team, who also creates a lot of content. And, for example, with our partnership with games like Parallel, we've done a lot of work to not only bring highly skilled players, create content around that, create visibility around it, and even create fandom around the game, right? And it's that, and then we also happen to own assets in the game. So there's really a real sense of contribution, and I'd like to think that's what we want to do for games like Off The Grid as well. And Renz, like, from a fully on-chain perspective, like, do you think this is going to change? Like, if you're, say, deploying an autonomous world and it becomes completely controlled by the DAO or the community, are you thinking about, like, token issuance in a completely different way? Or it's the same? I don't know. Right. Well, for us, we actually took inspiration from Second Life, right? Where, okay, a game may not be, you know, just like a game on its own, right? What if, like, a game eventually transformed into a world quite similar to this one, right? Except exists virtually. And then, like, jobs, all of these other jobs can exist, like, natively within, like, that world, right? Well, the Linden dollar was mainly a medium of exchange, though, right? Which is quite different to the way that people are thinking about tokens which are speculative. Right. So, I mean, what would happen then if, like, you are able to bridge, like, the off-chain from the on-chain world, right? And, you know, that's why we were exploring, for example, like, a layer two on top of Fiverr Liquid because on-chain finance is supposedly there, right? And if on-chain liquidity is already there, if we are allowed to, you know, bridge this liquidity outside of the games into the games, right, and seamlessly allow that to flow, similar to, you know, for example, like, stock markets, right? Yeah. Like, then are we able to create that environment which allows these now digital worlds to seamlessly flow back into physical worlds and vice versa? And would that then be, or would we be forced to delineate between both worlds or discriminate against, like, one another, right? So those are the perspectives that we're actually looking into as we actually journey through this on-chain environment. Yeah, I do think that virtual worlds have different goals than just games, per se. And they might look like the same thing but have slightly different goals. Of course, the problem of virtual worlds is that if they're not fun, then they don't get players in the first place. But I can see a world where there's a lot more commerce transactions happening. There's a lot more, like, virtual labor happening in a virtual world which may not necessarily be trying to be a game, right? I think there's one very, very important component that most Web3 projects don't take into account when discussing incentivizations and token economies. So within the very, very isolated Web3 kind of economy and Web3 community, I do agree with you that it is a very, very novel and interesting way to bootstrap an economy, to bootstrap an audience, to bootstrap a community. However, we currently, like I said, per DapRator's report, hit an all-time high of active daily wallets of 10 million last summer. That was a 70% increase from Q1 2024 that DapRator attributed simply to just farming and airdrops and labeled as unsustainable. So what you have then is you have hundreds of thousands of projects, way more than we had in 2021, right? We have hundreds of thousands of projects selling and pitching and dumping tokens on the same roughly maybe 5, 6, 7 million at most daily active wallets. There's a problem there. This is not sustainable. So the only way to make it sustainable is to bring in regular gamers. And a regular gamer, as soon as you start saying the first three sentences about incentivization, token, blah, blah, blah, like, phew, right? You lost them. Not to mention that prior to off-the-grid launching last October in early access, any time you would mention NFT or token in the context of a game, you'd get a hundred comments saying, scam, scam, scam, I will never touch this. That's a narrative that we were able to change now with off-the-grid. Now, people are saying, well, like famous streamers would say, oh, why spend millions of dollars building a Steam marketplace when you can simply use blockchain technology? Or they're like, oh, NFT's not that bad. It's like serialized Pokemon cards, very fireable and trackable on-chain. So we started changing the narrative. But the only reason we started changing the narrative and attracting regular folks to Web3 is because we do not lead with, oh, you're going to get rich and you're going to get tokens and you're going to be incentivized and you're going to be an evangelist, da-da-da, all that usual stuff, right? So you're right. It is not black and white. And there is a use case for that. But any project that wants to get to 10 million daily active users and not a couple hundred thousand daily active users needs to embrace the mainstream. And the mainstream will absolutely not want to have any part of any of these things. That's the problem. That's why we need to strike a balance and make this approachable to folks and make this easy to use, make the blockchain and the earning component kind of move into the background. Having said that, I do fully agree that tokens allow you to share, quote unquote, the wealth with your community instead of it being this corporate black box, which is the old way of doing business, that there is a path forward where you do that in a very, very nice way. But I just simply think that the current models that Web3 has explored are not it. They're it for the very, very small, very techie community, but they're not it for bringing the next 100 million people to Web3. I have a question for you, Theo. Do you segregate between the potential millions of users of off the grid versus the people who will be interacting with the Web3 components, the people who will be looking at the NFTs and the token in your ecosystem? Great point. To some degree, there is a natural separation, but there's also, of course, a lot of crossover. A regular gamer, for example, will more likely than not never interact with our 10,000 validator nodes that mint all the in-game items. So for those that don't know, we have our game, we have our blockchain, and then we have 10,000 kind of distributed, decentralized nodes that mint every single in-game item. And the gamer pays those validator nodes directly for the process of minting the in-game item. That's where we see a lot of, of course, Web3 interaction, a lot of excitement, and people interacting directly with launching components, tokens, NFT nodes, et cetera. On the gaming side, absolutely not. Like, we have traditional gamers that in the chat when people in our disco chat, when people bring up tokens, they're like, I don't care. Like, I don't care about any of that stuff. I'm playing this game because it's better than Call of Duty. And that's really the reaction we want. Go ahead. It's all music to my ears. Actually, we don't see something different. Like, at the Blockchain Game Alliance, we try to showcase actual good games that are fun and bring players with all the things abstracted, hidden, and so on behind. The benefit comes later. One thing I want to say about, like, the topic playing for the future, like, any game that want to prepare itself for the future has to think of itself, like, how do I evolve from being a single game into being a full platform? One of the ways is user-generated content. Players being able to contribute with their own character, their own level, their own modes, et cetera, will evolve those games from... And will turn them into, like, digital nations, I would say. And that those that can live for a decade or even more, they will have, like, contribution, they will have differentiated gameplay, and at some point, they will have a form of economy that ideally should not be centralized and controlled only by the developer of the platform. And hopefully, Blockchain and Web3 is a good solution for that. But it's a step-by-step process. I think if we look this year, what game can fit that, GTA 6 is on track to become that next big game turning to a huge platform. But we've seen platforms like Overwolf. They paid $240 million this year, about 2024, to creators who contributed modding games like Sims, like GTA 5, and so on. And we've seen the Minecraft economy and everything it had enabled because it allowed the players to actually run their own servers, make their own rules, change the gameplay, the core gameplay. I think we need that, and Web3 supports that in many aspects. Okay. I've got a quick question for Renz, which is following on from what we've just been talking about. And after that, we're going to open up to the audience. So if you do have a question, please put up your hand. We've got a runner who will come around with a microphone so that you can ask the panel a question. But just following on from what we were chatting about here, Renz, I feel like you're in between a rock and a hard place because one of the biggest criticisms about fully on-chain games is that they're clunky, slow, very hard to play, very technical, because you are really leaning into that decentralised aspect. Now, it's no secret that I love that because I think that's where we're going to see real innovation, you know, answer the question of why we're putting Web3 in games at all. And what can blockchain do that we've never seen before in games? But your DAU is like basically zero. So like, how are you thinking about that? You know, where do you think this is going to go this year? Right. We're actually quite like deep into the tech. For example, like Lattice just recently developed this quarry, right, which allows for real-time gaming. So we've actually tested out during DEFCON that you're able to do like a first-person shooter without having to like click every single button every single time you actually try to fire. Wow. So, well, I'm not shilling it. I mean, like, I think the tech is improving, right? Like, for sure, I would say it's less about like, hey, it's about like the on-chain-ness, but it's really more about like the UI, right? Like what kind of like user experience do we actually want to go? Like we can eventually design, or at least I believe, right, like we can eventually design like a fully on-chain game where a lot of these logic, a lot of these states are on-chain without having to go through like the barriers or the blockers that are currently hindering us from being able to do so, right? And if we were to compare like the current state, yeah, sure, like your DEU is going to go to zero, right? But that's why we're not like, I mean, that's why we're also not there yet, right? Because we know what to do. We know what infrastructure to build. But we don't have the right technology or we don't have the right, I would say like process that we did in the past as well to be able to achieve that right now. So I'd say like we already have like a lot of the foundation set up for us. It's just a matter of like really pushing through it. And again, it may not be the future, right? Or it may not be the future for everyone, but it is an alternative, right? And for us, when we were thinking about like the gaming industry, and it's not just Web3 that's actually losing faith in terms of like gaming as a whole, right? Like we see a lot of layoffs in terms of like the gaming sector, right? And so like we also know that, for example, one out of 12 Steam games have been doing like 200,000 in revenue, which is not even enough to cover their game costs, right? So there's clearly a problem here, right? And what we're trying to tackle here is that potentially if these permissionless composable worlds allow for these builders to contribute and co-build and co-create, right? There might be a path where we don't have to reskin, recreate like, you know, games and push forward for innovation and development much faster and much cheaper, right? With the technology that we have at hand. So yeah. Yeah. Autonomous worlds now remind me of where NFTs were. 2017, 2018, Seth and I were here in Hong Kong trying to raise money for NFT projects. It was incredibly early. Nobody really understood it. And then maybe 2021, people started getting it and it started to matter. I think there's a lot of innovation in autonomous worlds. It's probably not ready for prime time yet, but I'm glad that innovation is happening. Sovereign's reading the way because there will be a day wherein we're going to see a lot of real cool things happening and we'll see a lot of players come in there. We just don't know when that moment will be, right? For NFTs, it took a few years and there were people who really believed in it, who were experimenting in it way before the money, the liquidity, VC interest came in. Yeah. And yeah, we remember those days really well, right? I do. I was about to point like the importance of experimentation. Yes. Like you're literally playing with mechanics that will set some portion of new genre of games, new experiences that we haven't seen yet. And that maybe that particular will not succeed. I don't wish that for you, but it will be an important step to what like the next big success from the takeaways we'll take. And right now I see two major innovation on chain gaming and AI agenting gaming, not just trying to change the existing rules of gameplay, but really, really inventing new games that we haven't tried. And well, maybe not all of the game will be successful. Maybe some will be so weird, so like freaky, but after the fifties try, one of them will emerge, will become the category leader. And we hope that it will pave the way for like the growth of the industry sector again. Yeah, it's such an important space to watch and keep an eye on. All right, we only have about six minutes left. We have a question down the front here. We have a microphone down the front. So please tell us your name and your company and your question. Sure. Hi, my name is Alex. I lead gaming at Layer Zero. This is all music to my ears because I think I work with almost all of you. And I guess one question for all of you, if you could mention any specific milestone or maybe a set of events that will make Web3 Gaming as a category great again. One might say, was it ever great? But I'm just curious when you foresee the gaming sector, Web3 Gaming sector sort of blow up and explode in terms of the on-chain growth, in terms of the token performance, in terms of the actual play time and the play data. When do you foresee that happening in the mainstream adaption and why? It's time for you to rattle off some stats. There we go. So yeah, so let's start with the fact that since last October when we launched Early Access, we've amassed over 13 million wallets, over 280 million transactions, averaging 2.5 million transactions per day, and an average of 400 to 500,000 daily active users. And that's just Early Access and we're just getting started. So in my opinion, there's several key moments that need to take place in order for mass adoption to happen. Number one, a project like Off The Grid hitting 100 million gamers will hit the radar of every single major gaming studio out there that then is going to start thinking, hold on a second, like maybe there's something there. And then users are going to start driving adoption by saying, hey, we will simply not play games where we can't own our own assets. We will have then major studios saying, oh, we were always talking about asset ownership and start embracing NFT technology and blockchain technology. So I think that's one very, very important part. And on the other side of the Web3 fence, you will see projects saying, wow, this really worked. Like Off The Grid is onboarding tens and tens of millions of gamers. Let us also focus on this different way of building in Web3 and then onboarding massive amounts of game. I think those are the two main kind of trigger points that will make mainstream adoption happen. Well, I think like gaming is really broad in the categories of games. So like you see here, like Godzilla success and it's fantastic. It's appealing to a lot of AAA and bigger game studio. At the same time, like we've seen like it only needs one game on one particular platform or chain to succeed to drive a whole industry. It happened with X-Infinity. It happened with Telegram games. Like no matter how people might like or dislike Amster Combat, it led to a growth of a big sector and brought hundreds of millions of users to play games on these devices and enjoy transacting, etc. And those games, because we've seen it before in the industry of the gaming industry, specifically with mobile gaming. They seem a stupid game, either clicker, casual or hyper casual. Very soon, like the industry will professionalize, mid-core game will appear, we'll have meta gameplay, we'll have better graphics, and all of that will come. And actually, it's already coming at a, I would say, 10 times faster than what we saw before in the mobile gaming industry. So by this year or next year, we'll have great Telegram game with much better retention loop monetization. And the access to the distribution network that Telegram represents has been a massive catalyst for that. And I think like we're going to continue seeing innovation with virtuals and everything of AI agent protocol as well that can accelerate gaming and adoption as well. So, yeah. Gabby Renz, did you want to add to that? Or should we take another question from the audience? We can take another question. Any more questions? Yes. Sir, over here has a question. Please tell us your name and your company and your question. Yeah, hi, I'm Anthony from Talent. I know nothing about the Web3 space, so I'm just here trying to learn. So maybe I'm one of those mainstream gaming people. Welcome. Do you see any roadblocks in the regulatory space around NFT? And just while you were talking, I just had an idea, like if your game is linked to NFT or NFT or blockchain ownership, what happens if the ownership changes mid-game? How do you deal with that? Yes, I'll jump in. There's two different things here. Number one, on the regulatory side, I believe we are getting to a point where more and more common sense regulation is happening across the board all over the world. And so, obviously, my personal recommendation is for games to get familiar with what regulation is and comply with those regulations. It's going to make it a lot easier for the whole industry. But your second point in regards to, I believe you said, if ownership changes of the company, what happens to those assets? Well, obviously, if a project decides to completely just shut down, then you have pretty pictures and you do with them what you will. But provided that that does not happen, right, you have assets that you can trade before, you know, you, let's say, leave a project or a game. In my case, my personal experience was I have two boys. They played a bunch of Fortnite. They spent a couple thousand dollars of their own hard earned cash on in-game items. And then when they inevitably moved on to a different game, they were like, hey, Dad, how do I get my money back? And I'm like, you don't. They're like, what do you mean? I mean, I think, for kids these days, it's totally normal to own digital assets, but they were flabbergasted that they couldn't actually sell these items. So that's the more normal traditional use case, right? You move on to a different game or you have three of a specific object that you extracted from the game. You sell two, you keep one, you buy something else. That type of interaction is really what the NFT use case is most applicable for currently. I agree on the second part, 100%. On the first part, I tend to disagree. I think, like, even though it's important to provide, like, safety for users, gaming is first and foremost a sector of fun and entertainment. And imposing regulation to what the first dollar spent by a user on an NFT is like buzz killer. Like, nobody wants to do a KYC and verification as soon as you spend your first dollar to an in-app purchase. And certain countries are taking this too seriously, imposing age verification, user spending caps, controlling how much they spend and how much they can earn with every NFT. That's what happened in Japan. That's what is bound to happen in France. This will put those countries lagging behind under adoption of the technology and allowing the players of their country to learn what's like decentralization, web-free and like decentralized finance can be skilled through gaming versus others that are more broadly thinking and open about that. Oh, I agree with you. But I just don't want these projects to get sued into the ground because they didn't comply with regulations. Well, I'm fine to contribute and give my opinion about that. And represent the BGA as well to support our industry on that topic. Guys, we're out of time, sadly. But I just want to thank you so much for this fantastic conversation. I think what we've learned is that you're not actually all completely at odds with each other. I think decentralization exists on a spectrum and there's many different ways to tackle it. And what that shows us is how the web 3 gaming industry is evolving. There really is something for everyone and so many different ways to tackle it and make it real to you. So thank you guys for sharing your insights. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks everybody for coming. Thank you. Thanks everybody for coming.