 . My name is Casey Lau. You may know me from Rise, which we used to have in this same place here in Hong Kong. Thank you for that one cheer. But mostly I do Web Summit, which is a big tech conference around the world. I'm actually going to Qatar right after this for our conference there. But I'm very excited to be supporting Hong Kong. I also am the co-host of the GM Show. It's a weekly series that I do with Meme Land, talking to founders in Web3 space. So of course they thought of me to host this panel with three builders here in Hong Kong. How many people are from Hong Kong in the audience? Okay, a few people. Great. How many people are not from Hong Kong in the audience? Okay, two. We're going to convince you guys to move to Hong Kong at the end of this 30-minute panel. So let's start to the gentleman on my left. What's your name and what does your company do? So my name is Jacob and I'm the CEO and co-founder of Clearpool Finance. Okay. We are a marketplace for private credit and we're doing this on-chain. So we are a DeFi protocol. Great. One of the, I guess, leading DeFi protocols out of Hong Kong. Out of Hong Kong. Great. And where are you from originally? Originally, I'm from Italy. Italy! But I'm in Hong Kong since nine years already. Okay. So I'm a permanent resident. Nice. I consider myself a Hong Konger. Okay. I came here nine years ago. I thought I'd come for, you know, six months or something. Yeah. And, you know, here we go. Nine years later, I'm still here. What's your favorite restaurant? What's your favorite restaurant? That's a good question. Let me think. Oh, I have a lot of favorite restaurants. I think I went to the, oh my God, what's it called? Chilli Fagara. Okay. Chilli Fagara restaurant in Central. Nice. One of my favorite restaurants. Okay, great. Sorry. I just threw you on the spot like that wasn't a pre-planned restaurant question. And next to us, Jackie. Oh, what is your name? What do you do? I'm Jackie. I'm a local born Hong Kongers. I live in Hong Kong. I study in Hong Kong. So I just been an OG in Hong Kong as well. Yeah. And my company is called Pousa. It's a global market making firm. So we train all the biggest exchange and we provide liquidities to the people so that they can trade with a much more low storage. Yeah, that's it. And I'm very excited to be here. Awesome. Jackie, there's two people here that are not from Hong Kong. Where do you think they should go while they're in Hong Kong this week? This week? Of course, going to Consensus first. Okay. What food or what local Hong Kong thing they should do? What food? If you really want to try some local food, then I would recommend going to Namjee. Namjee. Yeah, Namjee. Very tasty. Okay. Good, good, good. All right. And Sarah, tell everybody what your name is, what your company does. Hi, everyone. I'm co-founder of Aegis Custody as well as Aegis Clearing Company, D-ACC. Digital Essay Clearing Company. Sarah is a company. I'm a co-founder of Aegis Custody as well as Aegis Clearing Company. The E-A-C-C. Digital Essay Clearing Company. Sarah and we do regular custodians in the United States, in Hong Kong and Singapore. But specifically in Hong Kong, Digital Essay Clearing Company aims to be like DTCC. Okay. Where they are public-private partnerships as well as participants from different financial institutions. Great. And where are you from originally? I was born in Taiwan. Taiwan. Okay. And how long have you been in Hong Kong? So, I got into Hong Kong through the talent program. Okay. So, I got a Hong Kong ID card. That's great. You need that. That's really good. Yes. And so, do you have a favorite place you like to go to in Hong Kong? I mean, Taiwan has some great food, but is there a Hong Kong thing that you love? Yeah. I normally go to Caprice. Caprice. Okay. All right. That's fine. That's fine. Okay. So, this panel is about shining a spotlight on these builders in Hong Kong and learning a little bit about how they started, why they're here, and we'll compare it to other regions in Asia. But I want to first of all start with Jackie, because he's the OG. You started the first. So, your company is actually 10 years old. So, you were before ICOs even. Yeah. Before ICOs. Before that stuff, right? So, tell us a little bit about why did you start your business here in Hong Kong? What did it look like in 2015 compared to today? Okay. Yeah, sure. Definitely. So, my company is a global market-making firm. So, we have presence in Hong Kong. I have lots of back office and middle office here doing helping us to make us grow. So, I think like in 10 years before, right, when you talk about cryptocurrency or BTC, people will think that it's a scam. It's like all about money laundering. They still do. Has it changed? Yeah. Yeah. But at that time, it's even more worse. More worse. Okay. Yeah. Money laundering, buying drugs online. Okay. Yeah. All that and stuff. Right. So, I'm trying to have a business in cryptocurrency. Oh, are you doing something illegal? Yeah. Oh, please don't. Don't start. Yeah. And it's even more hard when you talk to business partners or banks. If you want to be a local business, you must have a bank account, right? Right. And it's 10 years before, it's very, very hard to tell them what kind of business you're really at. Yeah. I think now it's much better because like much more people are accepting about cryptocurrencies and all those stuff. But still, this is one of the challenging point when we are talking about having a business in Hong Kong. Yeah. Right. Are you going to bring your family to ConsenSys to take a look at this giant crowd here? It looks legitimate, right? Yeah, of course. It's definitely legitimate now. I mean, nowadays, I mean, no one will say that Bitcoin is a scam or anything. Right. Great. Okay. Sarah, same question to you. Why did you start from Taiwan? Why did you come to Hong Kong and start building your business out of here? Yeah. So we actually started in the States. Okay. So even though I was born in Taiwan, I've been living in the States for over a decade. Well, I think the difference between now and maybe over six and a half years ago when we started is because we're dealing with many financial institutions now. Yeah. So like onboarding, previously, like we onboarded like Binance US in the US. So the onboarding process of that versus now onboarding a bank is quite different. Yeah. The questionnaires that just get it added out recently, it's just unbelievable. You'll be addressing a lot of issues that you never imagined that you have to. So I think that's the challenge is like even getting or even like doing clients or work. There's just a lot more requirements in addition to the regulatory as well as in addition to compliance. Great. Okay. Awesome. Jacob, I know I've been to Italy and I've seen their tech ecosystem. So I know why you came to Hong Kong. Yeah. Just kidding. Oh, no, that's not true. I'm not kidding. That's true. So tell me a little bit about, so you weren't into crypto when you landed in Hong Kong, but you eventually got into it. Why did you decide to make your business here in Hong Kong in the Web3? Yeah. So as I mentioned, I came nine years ago. I was one of the earlier guys for Food Panda for Hong Kong and Asia. So quite a change later into FinTech. And I think the main reason of making Hong Kong the hub was just that I was here. And I think the special thing about Hong Kong is Hong Kong is extremely crypto. The population is very crypto passionate, savvy or passionate. Right. You know, everyone in that, whenever there's like a cycle, you know, whether there's NFTs, the whole city basically speaks crypto. Right. Everywhere you go, you see buses, the whole MTRs are plastered in, you know, NFT ads, et cetera, et cetera. So it was during that time when, you know, you just get sucked up into this crypto world. You start looking at it. And then I think, you know, Hong Kong was definitely one of the best places or still one of the best places. But it was the place for crypto. Yeah. It was easy to get a little bit of a network, you know, meet important people. That's how I met my co-founder. Yeah. You know, who was already in crypto for a longer period of time. And, you know, it just naturally progressed to have Hong Kong as my base. Yeah. So it wasn't like a conscious decision. It was just being here and having been influenced by Hong Kong. Have you been back to Italy recently? Yeah. I'm being back. It's great because sometimes when, you know, the market's really bad, I go back to Italy. Nobody knows about Bitcoin, about all of those things. It's great. FTX collapsed here. Everyone is depressed. I go back. People are like, what are you talking about? What are you talking about? What? That's awesome. Yeah. That's a vibe I get when I go to Europe. Exactly. Okay. So I deal mostly these days with Web 2 startups, right? And with Rise Web Summit, we do a lot of Web 2 stuff. And Hong Kong was a thriving place with many unicorns and stuff like that. Since the pandemic, kind of gone downhill. So a lot of startups are leaving because there's no money, there's no talent, and there's no market here. But you guys are all building Web 3 here. So this is my question to you. We have all of these three things here, right? We have the talent, we have the market, we have capital. What are your thoughts on what's missing from Hong Kong? Sarah, let's start with you. Well, I think in the institutional Web 3 space, even though we have interacted over 10 banks in Hong Kong, the adoption process takes time. Yeah. And especially, you know, Hong Kong, you have the Western Bank, you have also Chinese-related bank. So like, even though Hong Kong is pushing for Web 3 for financial institutions, a lot of the Chinese banks, they were still uncertain about whether, you know, the Beijing government will support. Yeah. Okay. So I think that's where I think it needs, I'm actually not sure whether it needs more clarity for Hong Kong or needs more clarity from Beijing. But that's one of the reasons that some of the banks really wanted to, but they are afraid of, you know, making a big stride. One of the big things the government says here, one country, two systems. That's a big thing. Seems like sometimes it's good, but sometimes it's also bad, especially for business, right? How about you, Jackie? What about you? How have you seen Hong Kong in this idea? I think when we are looking at like the crypto industry in Hong Kong, right? I think like in the old days, like Hong Kong was really a great place for crypto business. Like some of the big names are from originally from Hong Kong, right? Bitfinex, the Tenfa issuers, and then Bitmax, and then even FTX, right? Yeah. Although it's gone, but it's still, it's originally from Hong Kong. Yeah, it's still in our hearts. Don't worry. I still have a tote bag. Oh, you still have your tote bag. I got one as well. Yeah. But anyway, but I think during the COVID was the place where the system or the government changed about how they want to do a business and how they try to shut down. So that makes, like, as you said, lots of like Web 2.0 and other builders like freeing away from Hong Kong. Yeah. But after the, now the COVID is gone, right? I think all the major infrastructure of things are still in Hong Kong. So I think if it gives them some more back time, I think Hong Kong still be a good place for like founders or builders to build their own stuff. Is there anything missing though? Do you think? I think you've seen the most. Ten years. That's a long time. Yeah. I think one of the major things that can catch up is about the regulator stuff. Because like now, if you look at US after Trump coming in as the president, right? Everything goes so fast. Like even has its own Trump coin, right? Yeah. Right. So it's so up okay on those cryptocurrencies. But in Hong Kong, it's like the world is like moving ten step. But Hong Kong is just like moving one step. Yeah. It's just now talking about OTC, talking about stable coins. But everything is talking about other things already. Okay. Makes sense. Makes sense. Okay. Cool. Jacob, what about you? So many great things in Hong Kong. What's something missing maybe that you think should be? Yeah. So I think the great things in Hong Kong, I think Hong Kong has a lot of, you know, very smart traders. I guess people like Jackie and his team. So a lot of the big trading firms, you know, originated from Hong Kong. And there's really a lot of smaller trading firms, you know, all over. Many of them are, you know, still market leading. I think on the other side, like, you know, the sort of like builder side, application builder side, Hong Kong is probably not that strong. Okay. I think even traditionally Hong Kong is not really the place for startups. There are a few but like I would say it's a little bit less developed than some other places in the world like like the Bay Area. Hong Kong is a, you know, financial city, it's a market city. So you have a lot of strong people there. Yeah. Maybe on the talent side, I think Hong Kong is not really known to be a place for developers. Right. You probably have a lot of good sort of like trading people for like finance guys, and less builders, less people on the on the on the on the development side. How do you think Hong Kong can encourage that more? Yeah, so I think I think right now, even as a as a government initiatives go, right, I think there's a lot of like, very good initiatives on the sort of like institutional side. Yeah, I think for you know, and myself, we're more like, you know, crypto native DeFi player. I think I think maybe that is one of the areas that is slightly less supported. Yeah. And I think Hong Kong can and should make a push in supporting, you know, this initiative. It's a little bit more. Okay. Yeah, great, great. Okay. So I want to ask now, I know, Sarah, we talked before, you know, your team is very remote. Everybody's working in different places. I live in Hong Kong. And also, I know a lot of Web2 companies, Web2 ecosystems really require capital and ecosystem. How do you feel about these things here in Hong Kong, as opposed to maybe Taiwan? Maybe Taiwan? Okay, the US like Silicon Valley, that's like a special tier everybody wants to be a part of, right? But how do you see that these two things work together in Hong Kong? Do you feel it that that these two things are strong here, could be stronger, are pretty strong? You mean capital and talent or? Yeah, and ecosystem. Like this event here, this is the first consensus we've had here. But last year and the year before, we've had a few different kind of conferences. But this is quite a large scale international event, right? The organizers just told me 75% of people are from overseas. So it's only a quarter of the people here are from Hong Kong or from this specific region. So everybody wants to know, does Hong Kong have the capital for startup investment and also talent and also the ecosystem like this continuously? I do think Hong Kong has exceptional talents, especially for Web3 and finance. And then there are so many people that are coming from Stradify that have already worked in digital assets for many years. I don't think Hong Kong is a place for capital, especially for startups. I think that's probably more for Singapore among Asian countries. Ecosystem, I would say probably yes. I mean, there are still quite a lot of companies that are from overseas as well as from Hong Kong perspective. And then I think overall, yes, compared to different regions, whether that's US, Hong Kong, Singapore, where we all have license. Hong Kong does require the most heavy local infrastructure building. So definitely, I think the team we're setting up, the infrastructure we're setting up in Hong Kong is the most heaviest among all the other regions. So definitely, you're going to see bigger teams, more operations, more infrastructure, which are also required by the regulations. Okay, interesting. Okay, Jackie, you've never raised any capital, but you hire people over the last 10 years. Do you find the talent good? And also, do you participate in the ecosystem? Do you host events? Do you go to events? You know, just that kind of vibe so everybody knows what's happening in Hong Kong. Yeah, I think for like in Hong Kong, if you want to hire good developers, especially on the finance side, it's much easier. Because like I said, Hong Kong is worse, a financial center, right? So there's lots of talent from the traditional banks, investment banks. So that is not really the hardest part. But if you want to like, want to hire someone from DeFi. So I think this is something Hong Kong people is not originated. Yeah. So this is the hardest part. If you really want to find this kind of person, you maybe need to find another place like Taiwan or even in the Europe place. So it's one part. The second question is? Like the ecosystem. Oh, the ecosystem. Yeah. To be fair, I think the ecosystem in Hong Kong is more around about finance as well. Yeah. So all the big names is all about exchanges. Right. Yeah. Like stable coins, those kind of stuff. But not like really builders to build the infrastructure of the blockchain. So you think there's a lot of people talking on the top line of crypto, but not a lot of builders meeting up and sharing ideas. Like the Bay Area does that a lot, right? There's a lot of developers, engineers talking about stuff. Okay. I agree with you on that one. How about you, Jacob? Yeah. I think, I mean, I do think there's definitely like a good sort of, you know, there is a good ecosystem as well on the ground. I think Hong Kong, one of its unique advantages is just, I would say it's, you know, it has less to do with, you know, regulation, all those things. I think just as a city, Hong Kong is a very good place to meet and have drinks. Yeah. Right? You just walk around, bump into people. Everyone kind of like lives in the same, like three districts. Yeah. Everyone has the office in the same, you know. I mean, you can walk like 10 minutes that way, 10 minutes that way and nearly everyone is there, right? So, you just, it's very easy to meet up. It's very easy to have drinks. It's very easy to go to different offices. I was just telling to Jackie that I never made it to his office, but they're known to have, you know, nice drinks there as well. So, definitely, I think that's happening. We're going there afterwards. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Nice views. So, that's definitely happening. And I think, you know, one of Hong Kong's unique strengths is that sort of proximity and that sort of like vibe that, you know, I think you have the same in traditional finance. Yeah. And that does foster a good ecosystem. But it definitely weakened. It definitely got less over the last couple of years. Yeah. Just because there has been a little bit of a net outflow of companies from Hong Kong to Singapore to Dubai. Yeah. And, you know, a lot of the large companies as well. A lot of exchanges. Things seem to change. Everyone's set up. And then now it seems like everyone is slowly, slowly, like exiting again. Yeah. Okay. That's a great segue to my next question. So, I've seen the same thing. Last couple of years, since the pandemic's over, a lot of people have left Hong Kong, go to Singapore, go to Dubai. Right. We all know this is the normal story because Hong Kong's restrictions were so tight. Right. It was very difficult to do business. So, a lot of people left. But now I see people are slowly coming back. But, you know, it's been almost five years. If they had kids, the kids are like probably in high school now. So, it's hard to just move people around. So, I feel like when I came to Hong Kong, I was in my early 20s. So, I came here. I believe the next generation are coming in are in their early 20s. I don't know if this is being streamed, but if there's people outside of Asia looking at coming to Asia. My next question will now be the big question everybody wants to know. Hong Kong versus Singapore. Right. This is the two things. So, I don't know how many people are in Singapore. I've been to Singapore. When I go to Singapore, it's like Asia-lite. Right. You go there. They got Orange Julius. They got all the famous American brands. Maybe more famous brands than we have. We got the Japanese brands here. We got the Korean brands here. Right. We got the mainland brands here. So, I see that. Right. And so, I want to know from you guys, starting with you, Sarah. What is the differences that you see between Hong Kong and Singapore for doing a startup specifically? Well, I just see an old friend from Invest Hong Kong. We were actually invited by Invest Hong Kong. They were really good at building relationships way back in the U.S., I think over five years ago. Definitely. So, we're really appreciating them making that effort. And actually, when we first landed, they were also really helpful to help us get the world out. And even, I think, for our journey to get one activities. So, we offer digital clearing services for type one broker dealers uplifted for VA activities. It's an over one-year process, including communicating with the regulator. And all the way, we have to communicating with the government as well. And then, Invest Hong Kong has been extremely supportive. I haven't seen her for over a year. But, yeah. I think that's the difference. I think we were really lucky to get the support from the government to land in Hong Kong compared to Singapore. Even though we're also regulated in Singapore. Okay. Great. Yeah. All right. If anybody wants to know, the Invest HK booth is right there. You can go there. They'll show you more of how to get into Hong Kong. Jackie, have you been to Singapore and looked at the market there? I'm sure you have, right? Yeah, definitely. I've been in Singapore to look around how the atmosphere, how the business is going. I do see that people in Singapore is more injected and then they are more like crypto friendly at the point. So, I think if we're compared to Hong Kong and Singapore, I think it's the old question about how the regulators look at like cryptocurrency and stuff. I think for Singapore, it must be more willing to accept them. And if we're talking about Singapore, of course, we talked about Dubai, right? Dubai is like giving the 0% tax for crypto company, right? So, if you're going to start a new company, a new crypto company, and you don't have a place chosen in mind already, then the first thing you're going to think is always Dubai, but it's like 0% tax. And it's, yeah, a very big advantage on that. But does Dubai have an ecosystem as good as like Singapore and Hong Kong? That's, I think it's very important. I think currently, if I compare now, I think Hong Kong and Singapore must be better. But you see that like things are going very fast in Dubai and Abu Dhabi, right? The biggest exchange are all selling the headquarters there. So, you will see that things will migrate quickly if like Hong Kong is not doing anything to stop it. So, the money part is important, right? Because I feel like 0% tax will not always be there. One day, it will show up again like in some other countries that have already popped back in. So, people have to decide, do they really get value out of that country than they would if they just stayed in a country that had tax, but has an ecosystem and everything already there, right? Okay, how about you, Jacob? You've been to Singapore. Probably have a lot of friends in Singapore, but you stayed in Hong Kong. What do you see as the two pros and cons of the two? Yeah, I mean, I love Singapore. I love Singaporean food. I'm just a little bit more of a Hong Kong guy and I've been here for longer. I love that. That's so funny. I guess. That's the main reason. I think in general, definitely, we can't close our eyes and we have to admit that, you know, Singapore now has the bigger conferences. They have, you know, a lot of the big VCs, you know, they might have even moved their headquarter to Singapore or they decide to set up in Singapore. We lost a few big crypto companies to Singapore from Hong Kong. Yes, we definitely did. There was, you know, obviously also crypto uncertainty, you know, a few years back, etc. That also cost a few people to, you know, move to Singapore. So, overall, you know, there's definitely at this stage, I think in terms of access of capital, Hong Kong has a lot of, you know, their family offices and there's a lot of money in Hong Kong. I think people are generally, you know, very eager to invest into crypto from, you know, normal people on the street. Too eager. Too eager we've seen. So, Singapore is in a way also similar, but they just have like a lot more of the sort of international investors right now. I think the big shift right now is Dubai, right? Dubai is even more regulatory friendly. Like a lot of the exchanges obviously setting up in Dubai. But it's also a great place for, you know, builders set up. So, a lot of the, you know, I would say slightly smaller, more innovative company startups, they might go to Dubai. Yeah. Just because, you know, it is set up to be more friendly for, I would say, high growth companies. Okay. Early stage companies, startups. Right. So, I think we are definitely losing out a little bit on that. They don't have that, you know, talent pool in finance, etc. But as Jackie mentioned, people are quite, people move quite quickly, right? So, there's definitely a little bit of a shift. Interesting. Towards Dubai. Yeah. Yeah. Sarah wants to jump back in. So, I have also other things to share about Hong Kong, which I think is the most amazing things even compared to the world. Okay. Like the women in Hong Kong are super strong and powerful. Okay. And so willing to support other women as well. Right. So, I mean, I just had breakfast with Evelyn, Citibank CEO. Like, she was so willing to meet up with us. And then before she went to the airport. But, and then also champion us, like within Citibank as well as like in the whole ecosystem. But not just her. Yeah. There was so many other like really amazing women in Hong Kong that are so supportive. And then they're really like helping for the business. Yeah. And then also champion. So, I think we were having chat with a friend from the U.S. Like in the U.S., like a woman helping woman are considered to be a really risky thing. Like women don't do that. You know? And then, but here in Hong Kong, no. Like I think, I think Hong Kong women must have done something right. They also must have done something right to educate the men in Hong Kong. It's just amazing place. I think that there's a lot of women in the audience. I think that, a little bit of a round of applause. If we were in the U.S., there'd be a huge like cheer for that. Yeah. That's great, Sarah. But I think that makes a whole difference. And then like all the banks. Especially in this industry, right? In this industry, like SFC CEO is a woman. Like all the major banks, bank CEO, whether Citibank, Sancho Bank, they're all women. And then so they are so willing to support women in business. So I think that's a really good thing about Hong Kong. That's great. I just walked past, on the way here, I walked past another panel. They asked the same question, Hong Kong and Singapore. The last guy said, Hong Kong for sure. And they're like, why? Because there's so many gamblers here. So I thought that was quite funny. So that's a great, great thing. Okay. We have time for one quick last question. I think one of the things that we have to touch upon is what is your China play, right? This is going to be the big thing. Or do you have a U.S. play? I think that Hong Kong, as it is like seen as the connector to China. And we know there's a lot of, you know, question marks about crypto market in China. But maybe, Jackie, let's talk about do you have a China play? Is that important to you? Is that a benefit to doing your startup in Hong Kong? I think for China, it's really about regulators stuff, right? Because like they banned the crypto three or four years before. And so all the builders or all the talents in crypto has like moved out from China. So I think really for the China play, I think it's really we need to wait for the regulators to like start to like be more supportive to the crypto before we can really do anything. And for the U.S., I think we definitely see a lot of opportunities coming out. Opportunities. Yeah, because like every day they're going to have like new things. Like one of them is like adding bitcoins as the reserve in the government, right? So this should be a huge way if it really happens. And then I think much more opportunities like things around that concept will rise afterwards. Interesting. I think that's a good point. The Americans are doing a lot of stuff, which I think might influence China as well along the way. We'll see. Sarah, what do you think? China play, U.S. play? Well, so we're doing some work with Bank of China. It hasn't announced. But I think if like a major bank in China, represent China, will be able to do something like all the other Chinese banks would follow. So I think that's something to be seen. It hasn't really announced. But I think that's one. They will have to always get approval from the headquarter. So that will signal whether the activities that the Hong Kong government has been promoting in Hong Kong really get recognitions, you know, also by China. But representing by banks in Hong Kong. And not just one bank, but multiple banks in China. And then I think I saw I think some of the posting from the government official. I think right now to get maybe the PR or some investments. They are now recognizing your assets to include digital currency. I don't think they can invest in digital currency yet. But like for your consider to be how much networks you can consider the Bitcoin. So I think I think that's also one of the things where you kind of seeing. And then they're catering to people with Chinese citizens. Right. So they kind of like officially kind of recognize that as well. So. So, yeah. So I think China Chinese companies Hong Kongese company are definitely huge for what DACC like digital is a clean company that we're currently working with. Yeah. And we definitely wanted to get the largest one to come in and support. I mean, as the signal for the market. But yes. So it's huge. I don't think you can have a Hong Kong Web3 ecosystem without Chinese financial institutions. So and then we work with the largest asset manager called E-Fund as well for tokenized money market fund. So definitely like Chinese institutions where we collaborate the most. And I think and that's where you would see more and more recognition of, OK, in Hong Kong, like you say, one country, two systems. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yeah. So you will be able to see, OK, Chinese financial institutions in Hong Kong, they are able to meet the regulations in Hong Kong. They were able to do activities regularly and compliantly meeting with Hong Kong jurisdictions. So I think that's definitely something we're working on. OK. Jacob, quickly to you. China play, U.S. play. Yeah. I think I echo Jackie for the China play. We've got to wait for regulation. I think a lot of the Chinese, which have been leading figures in this space, they moved abroad. And then there's a lot of institutions which are, I guess, led by Chinese, but they're like abroad. And they definitely greatly contribute to the ecosystem. I think for the U.S., it's very interesting. I was just in New York last week at the OnDo Summit. OK. It was one of the major sort of like RWA tokenization summits. And I have to say that the energy was very, very good, very amazing. Big contrast to the market. Everyone seems very excited. Everyone seems like now is the time that things might really change. Right. So far for DeFi, everyone has been avoiding the U.S. Yeah. Right. And now we shall see. Right. I think the hopes are very high. We shall see whether, you know, something actually happens. Yeah. But overall, I think everyone right now is looking at the U.S. And obviously the U.S. is the largest, greatest market in the world. So everyone has to have a China play. Sorry, a U.S. play at this point. And then getting prepared for that. Yeah. Great. Excellent. Thank you very much to our panel.