 Hello everyone, we're gonna get started here. My name is Josh, I'm a co-founder and CEO at Supra. We're gonna be talking about some new things that blockchains have never done before. So what is Supra? Supra is a vertically integrated layer one. What does that mean? It means an all-in-one blockchain. And an all-in-one blockchain will enable new capabilities for dApps and we call these superdApps. So let's start with the problem. The problem today is that most dApps have to run through multiple different networks. If you need price feeds, you use an external network. If you need automation, an external network, on-chain randomness, crushing communication, these are different disparate networks to achieve these capabilities. Notice those dotted lines? That signifies latency. So every time your application needs to call out to a different network, you have latency, so it's slower. This problem gets worse in the layer two, layer three world. Because now you have an execution layer, a data availability layer. You still have to rely on external services for Oracle price fees, automation, on-chain randomness, crushing communication. Along the way, you have a worse developer experience. It's slower and there's less security. Because this is not layer one security anymore. This is your security is of the weakest component that your application uses. And it costs more because you have to use more gas tokens. So once again, there's higher cost for the developer because they have to manage multiple different tokens. You have broken security guarantees because it's not the underlying layer one itself anymore. And you have more latency, which means it's slower. For developers, it's also a complex developer experience. You have different frameworks, different programming languages, multiple CAS tokens you have to manage. It's very difficult for developers to get what they want done in a secure and fast application. We're introducing a new way to build applications through vertical integration. So what is full vertical integration? It is a layer one with multi-VM support. So we are actually a move chain. And we have EVM on testnet right now. After Ethereum smart contracts are enabled on Supra, we'll actually enable Solana virtual machine applications on Supra as well. But we've also, on our single layer one, have automation, decentralized if this or that, or decentralized cron jobs. I'll be talking about that more today. This is something that other blockchains don't offer. Crouching communication bridge, price-free oracles, on-chain randomness, single network, single stack that can do more things. So how can a single network do so many services though? And how do you keep it secure? Well, we break down the network into what we call clans. The whole system is called a tribe. And we randomize the nodes into subcommittees called clans. These clans have to be shuffled periodically in order to keep the network safe. This is part of our security protocol. And this is what allows us to have a single network, yet be able to perform so many different services all at once. Moreover, once we have formed the clans themselves, those clans can be shuffled to be doing different services. So you don't have to have the same set of nodes doing the same thing all the time. In fact, the unpredictability of which nodes are going to be performing the next service is precisely how we have security. Now, Supra is a high-throughput, low-latency chain. In a test across 300 nodes around the world, a truly distributed test, we achieved remarkable results. We achieved 500,000 transactions per second throughput with sub-second consensus finality. So we are among the fastest chains in the world. And this has been formally verified by the Microsoft Ivy Checker. This is a test that others can replicate. Now, you might ask yourself, how could you have so much throughput? Let me kind of break it down for you. On Supra, every single node on our network can be a batch producer. So they can be creating a batch and submitting it to the network on the order of, you know, every couple hundred milliseconds. If every single node, 300 nodes are performing batches, and these batches consist of thousands of transactions, this is how we start to have really incredible throughput. Moreover, you know, earlier I mentioned these clans. These are subcommittees. The data actually only has to be disseminated to the subcommittee clan to form a data availability quorum certificate or data availability proof. So you don't have to get the data to be disseminated to the entire network to have strong guarantees that the data is available. So in this system, we had a network of 300 nodes and five clans. These clans consisted of 60 nodes, but these nodes were globally distributed. The data is disseminated to the respective clans first. We form the data availability proof, and then we run our moonshot consensus, which is considered the fastest classical Byzantine fault-tolerant consensus algorithm. And once again, we've been accepted to top academic venues. This is peer reviewed, and this is something that no one else has. So when you have fast, efficient data dissemination coupled with very low latency consensus, this is how you achieve these results. Once again, Supra is moving towards a multi-VM architecture. We're actually virtual machine agnostic. We think computers can run different programs as well as different virtual machines. A single computer can be running iOS and Windows and Linux. Why can't we just run multiple virtual machines? Now, some of the slides I'm going to be showing you next are a little bit slightly outdated, because we have some brand new ideas in the last, frankly, week and a half, which we didn't have a chance to update here. Nonetheless, a single platform that can run multiple virtual machines allows developers from many different ecosystems to deploy on Supra. Once again, we went to mark with move virtual machine first. EVM, Ethereum, Solidity, smart contracts are deployable on our test net right now. Once we move that to main net, we're going to be working on Solana virtual machine, SVM, and CosmWasm. So once again, our system is, the whole thing is called the tribe, right? And the subcommittees are called clans. The different clans can be running different services simultaneously in parallel. Actually, Supra has the most compute potential of any other blockchain as a result. So one clan can be running our decentralized Oracle agreement. This is a protocol that is finalizing data on 600 to 900 milliseconds. And I'm talking about data finality. This is not data production and then later final. This is full data finality. It is our opinion that this is a limit for this type of protocol. This means that Supra will always have the fastest, most fresh data available. VRF, verifiable random function. What are these used for? These are used for, like, on-chain games, lotteries, loot boxes, even leader election. And if we use our own on-chain VRF, on-chain randomness for many things, including MEV resistance. I'll be talking about that today. As well as shuffling the nodes from one clan to another. So VRFs are actually quite interesting because blockchains are deterministic closed loop systems. How do you get randomness into a system that is perfectly ordered, right? And we do this through novel and just great insights in terms of cryptographic security protocols. So a different clan can be executing the Move virtual machine. Another one, the EVM. Another one, the Solana virtual machine. And then the other one can be running CosmWasm. Single stack can be processing many, many different transactions simultaneously, providing multiple services in a shared security environment. So let's talk about some of our new ideas. This is something that we think is going to be very, very important for blockchain to go mainstream. So MEV, maximally extractable value. This is something that is extracting so much value from chains like Solana and Ethereum right now. And what does this equate to? It equates to poorer, worse execution for the retail. And when you don't have the execution that you expect, you don't feel good about that. It's not fair, you know? So how do we prevent this? Now, I'm not going to say we have the full solution because this is a very difficult problem. However, to our knowledge, what we're going to be presenting today is the best mitigation strategy possible. So first of all, what is MEV? There's toxic MEV, there's what's called good MEV, sure. But toxic MEV is things like front running and sandwich attacks that are kind of illustrated in this animation here, where the Byzantine transactions colluding with the node operator are adjusting the transaction ordering to benefit them. So what is our solution? As I mentioned earlier, Supra has native on-chain randomness. So when you have a block of transactions, those transactions themselves can be executed in a random function. Meaning we require the execution to be executed randomly. So you cannot predict the order in which transactions are going to be executed. Which means node operators cannot collude to position transactions to benefit them and the people and the parties they're working with. Instead, it's unpredictable. You don't know which order it's going to be. So it doesn't matter which order the transaction in that particular block lands. Remember, Supra is a high-throughput, low-latency chain. We are routinely finalizing three blocks per second. So we're talking about 300 millisecond finality per block. So there's not any latency here either because the on-chain randomness is generated through our threshold signature on the block itself. The randomization of transaction execution is one of the best MEV mitigation strategies that we are aware of. And remember, we're also not introducing any additional latency here. That's a major important part of this because speed matters. Now, the kind of, you know, astute hacker might say, well, if you guys are just going to randomize transactions, I'm just going to spam your blockchain. So in order to have MEV mitigation, we have randomized execution coupled with localized fee markets. In this particular animation, you can see the light blue box is getting filled up really quickly. A lot of transactions are trying to hit the same state or smart contract. And at the bottom, you can see that the cost to execute upon that exponentially grows. So localized fee markets make it prohibitively expensive to spam the block. So randomized execution with localized fee markets, we believe, is the absolute best way to handle toxic MEV. And once again, this is being done with no additional latency. Now, in blockchains today, there are many forces that are extracting value from the ecosystem. You have liquidators, external parties, high frequency traders, algorithmic traders, arbitragers, external services, MEV bots that are actually extracting value for their benefit. And that results in poorer, worse execution for the end consumer. Our whole North Star and blockchain's North Star should be execution quality. How do we get the best execution quality for the end consumer? So moving forward here, I want to introduce a couple of ideas that are brand new that can help tie the picture together. Supra is working on a network owned liquidity or network treasury. This decentralized treasury will be controlled through decentralized governance to promote ecosystem initiatives. We can be reinvesting in projects. We can provide incentives for node operators and beyond infrastructure providers. And what's ultimately important here is that Supra is looking to make sure we build a system that is long term sustainable. So blockchains are not just computer systems and distributed networks. They're also economic machines, right? So what we're going to be doing, and I'll be explaining how, we're going to be describing means and strategies in which the system doesn't have to rely on transaction fees and MEV. Remember, we're trying to provide MEV protection. And yet MEV is a significant revenue source for node operators. Well, if we take that away, aren't node operators not going to be super happy? The answer is sure, they might not be. However, we're going to introduce a couple of new revenue streams that will provide a revenue for the treasury, for the node operators, for the dapps, and for the community. These ideas that I'm about to share are brand new, cannot be done on any other blockchain. And we actually think that this could be a significant, maybe actually highly lucrative business model. So Supra is a layer one with smart contracts, native Oracle price feeds, and automation. Now, these are not external nodes that are running the automation service. Our validators run it. The native automation is deployed on our testnet right now. And what can this enable? Well, we can do things like automated arbitrage. So at the end of every single block, we can identify any imbalances in these blocks. DeFi pools and such. And with the decentralized treasury, we can use our own network-owned liquidity to rebalance pools on a block-to-block basis. One to three times per second. Why is this important? It keeps DeFi balanced. It keeps things solvent. And we call this zero block delay execution because there is no additional latency. There is no external network that has to submit the transaction. Our validator nodes are executing the arbitrage on a block-to-block basis. This arbitrage profit or revenue will be distributed to the treasury, to node operators that are actually executing it. So this is a new revenue stream for the node operator, as well as to the DAP in which these opportunities emerge. So the DAP itself has a new revenue stream as well. So remember, our kind of north star is execution quality. And instead of relying on external forces to rebalance DeFi, we do this through our native enshrined automation service. Moreover, with the same enshrined automated network, our node operators execute this, we can do automatic, deterministic, transparent liquidations. So in DeFi, if there is a position underwater, the automation network deterministically, transparently, can trigger the automation in real time. And you know exactly why and how it was triggered. It's deterministic. Every single node will execute this basically in real time. Once again, this is good for DeFi because it keeps things healthy and balanced. And typically for liquidations, there might be up to a 1% fee. This liquidation fee can be quite lucrative if the position was quite large. Once again, this is a new type of revenue stream that can be routed to the decentralized treasury, shared with the node operators that are executing it, as well as to the DAP in which the opportunity arose. So this once again is another revenue stream for the DAP. The DAP can furthermore redistribute the proceeds to their community. So we think that this is a new form of business model innovation that cannot be done on any other blockchain in a zero latency manner. The redistribution of liquidation fees as well as arbitrage opportunities to the decentralized treasury, to the node operators that are executing the automation, as well as to the DAP in which this opportunity emerged. It is a superior business model to MEV. And by the way, this actually might be an even bigger business model compared to MEV. So once again, the distribution of these rewards are to the DAPs themselves, to the node operators, and to the treasury. The decentralized treasury will be governance controlled that can be doing things like token buybacks, right? So if the community wants the treasury to buyback the super token, we can do this. If they want us to invest in the ecosystem, we can do this. If they want to extend block rewards, you know, we can do this. Super is a fixed supply token. So maybe in 10 years, who knows what the results will be. We've designed it so that they should last about 12 years. But if we don't, at least we have a growing, constantly growing block by block. This is zero block delay execution, constantly growing treasury that may be able to support the long term initiatives and health of the supra economic ecosystem. So with enshrined automation, this is also really cool. With enshrined automation retail, just everyday traders can create on-chain strategies. So the things I talked about were system-wide automations. Auto liquidation, you take a flash loan from the treasury, fill the, you know, the position, pay back the loan. The difference is, or the liquidation fee is the revenue and the profit. That profit is redistributed to the treasury. That's great. Auto arbitrage, same thing. These are system-wide solutions that are executed every single block. But end consumers can also create on-chain strategies. This is like on-chain bots, okay? This is not an external bot that's triggering these strategies. These are on-chain, once again, no-latency strategies that are implemented. So, super with the smart contract platform with 500 plus data feeds that include, you know, cryptocurrency, commodities, equities. We're gonna be adding more information such as interest rate cuts, even sentiment analysis, world events, weather, all kinds of information. You can create strategies that include, if the price of Bitcoin is this and the general sentiment, the, you know, fear and greed index is in the 30% range. Buy more Bitcoin, you know? Or trade my asset into stablecoin. You can have, like, if this, then that, else if, else if logic, like micro scripts, these micro logic that are checked every single block, two to three times a second. And when they execute, they execute only with deterministic agreement. So, what I'm excited about is that folks can, what we're building towards is an interface where folks can talk to AI, okay? With AI assistance, say, hey, look, this is my strategy. I'm trying to do this. It can create the strategy for you, back test that strategy on the last, say, six months of data. And if you're happy with it, deploy your strategy on-chain. And what's nice about this is this is deterministic, automatic execution. There is no latency. There is no, it didn't trigger. If the conditions are met, if they evaluate to be true, it will be done. And it will be done sub-second levels. So, what's really cool about this, furthermore, is that these are continuous strategies, meaning these bots, we believe, these on-chain automation strategies, are going to consume more gas than humans. We think it's natural for folks to want to, you know, kind of enter the high-frequency trading arena with everyday tools, meaning we're democratizing access to very sophisticated tools by vertically integrating the stack. So, once again, I think it's very remarkable that this is going to very likely create more gas consumption than humans. We think on-chain activity will be primarily gas, rather driven by these automation services and on-chain bots, right? And right now, this is being deployed on Super's testnet. And it should be on mainnet within, say, less than two months. So, we've been working on this for a year. This is a game changer. No one else has this. The combination of layer one, fast layer one smart contracts with native Oracle price feeds, getting Oracle data on every single block, as well as automation. So, you have the ability to create these conditional logic that's checked for a couple times per second. It's going to enable all kinds of new use cases. And this is not just limited to trading. It could be refilling wallets. It could be a family giving their allowance to their kids. It could be subscriptions. In fact, this stack can, with stablecoins, you can basically build Stripe. You can build Stripe for really quickly. In fact, we have some folks that are working with us to do this. So, we are really excited about this idea of full vertical integration that can enable new use cases that you just cannot do elsewhere. We're the first to do this. And in particularly, the automation service, the zero block delay, zero latency automation is, frankly, a game changer. It starts to make blockchains act like real computers. You know, we talk about world computers, yet blockchains don't communicate with the outside world. You need oracles. We talk about world computers, but these blockchains don't communicate with each other. You need crossing communication or bridges. Once again, we talk about world computers, but they don't have automation. You need some external party to do that. But what if you brought it all in one in a single stack? You have shared security. You have faster execution. You have a single token, so it's cheaper. And it's, you know, mostly the thing I'm most excited about is it enables new types of use cases you literally cannot do elsewhere. Now, I don't have that much time, but I do want to talk about the next major thing that Supra is bringing to market. We've been working on this also for about a year. These are called Supra containers. Now, what is that? It's dedicated block space for your, on the Supra layer one. It's as if you have a layer two or subnet or pair chain or causal zone experience, but on the layer one itself. So app chains give developers the freedom to build and set their own rules, but at the cost of fragmented liquidity and broken composability, right? So these zones or sub chains or pair chains or layer twos or layer threes, they break composability, they fracture liquidity. Now, with Supra containers, you can actually build your own composable ecosystem while sharing liquidity across the entire layer one. You can set your own rules, have your own governance, have your own gas token, set your own gas fees, but because they exist in the shared infrastructure, you actually have composabilities across these containers. So it's like a layer two, but on the layer one itself. And to have that type of experience, you had to focus on scaling the layer one itself. I've been pretty vocal that Ethereum should be focusing on scaling the layer one for like two years. And I think they're finally going to start to do it. So with Supra containers, it's like your own ecosystem. On the layer one, you can have complete governance. You can set your own governance rule. You can create your own token economy. You can have your own token. You can decide what kind of applications are going to deploy into this container and also which containers your container can interact with. As a result, because they're all on the same layer one, you have shared composability and shared liquidity. And also, instead of bootstrapping an entire blockchain like your Cosmos Zone or layer two or, you know, subnet, you can deploy much quicker because you utilize our own layer one validators. You don't have to incentivize new sets of validators. So once again, containers are effectively dedicated block space for your own execution environment. So with Supra containers, you get the best of layer two's and app chains without the drawbacks. You have the ability to have atomic composability. App chains don't have this. You have shared liquidity. App chains don't have this. Network setup is cheap and go to market will be very fast because you don't have to bootstrap a hundred different node operators. You also don't have to worry about the economics of paying them all because you're just leveraging Supra's infrastructure. Moreover, if you're doing a layer two or half chain or subnet or whatever, if you want oracles, you have to integrate with Supra's Oracle service, Chainlink, others. If you want bridge, you have to integrate with layer zero or, you know, Axelar or some others. If you want automation, you might need gelato. If you want VRF, you might need, you know, Supra. So the thing is, even if you do decide to spin up your own app chain, right, you're still going to pay a lot of money and a lot of complexity to integrate bridge, automation, oracles, and beyond. Whereas on Supra, you get it all for free. It's built in. Everything we offer in our existing stack, you get in your container. So what's really key here is that you have, you know, builders want to have their own custom environment. They want to have their own token economy. You can set your any type of governance you want. You can compose with other ecosystems. You can decide, hey, maybe, for example, this is a regulated DeFi container, and this liquidity cannot touch just open DeFi. It has to be KYC AML liquidity. So you can deploy your container and say, these are the rules, and we can only integrate with other ecosystems. You have shared security of Supra's layer one, which includes extreme throughput, fast finality. And, of course, you have the vertically integrated services, the Oracle, the automation, the crushing communication, the VRF, single stack. So I'm going to just briefly talk about what are possible on Supra's stack that you can't do elsewhere. We call these super dApps. Supra dApps include, you know, layer one smart contracts, but that leverage two or more of our other services, Oracle price fees, processing communication, on-chain randomness. So what makes them Supra in the first place? They're lower latency because Supra is really fast. Robust shared security because we have a shared security protocol. It's just a layer one. Simplified developer experience because you don't have to rely on different frameworks and gas tokens of other ecosystems to have the functionality you're looking for. It's cheaper for builders because it's only a single token and also it's cheaper for users for the same reasons. So any dApp across any of the VMs we support, once again, we're the third move chain right now. First move layer one that launched. And we are rolling out EVM support right now. That is on our test net. Following that is Solana virtual machine. And I just want to mention that Supra is also working on parallel execution strategies across each of the virtual machines. They're slightly different. Nonetheless, we have very promising results. We'll be publishing that result either this week or next week. So what kind of superpowers can these dApps get on Supra? You can't get elsewhere. These include crossing communication, price feeds, real world data, automation, on chain randomness, fast, secure, high throughput, multi VM support, cross chain liquidity, native DeFi systems. Meaning Supra also has, you know, as I mentioned, network loan liquidity, the treasury. Now, I do want to mention that why is that important? It's important because we think that our collective treasury can actually lend out funds at a cheaper rate than a peer to peer protocol. So we think this is going to ultimately result in a better, more efficient DeFi experience and enable new use cases. I'm a little bit short on time here, so I'm going to be careful about this. I'm just going to kind of go a little bit quickly here. But next generation perpetual DEXs utilizing our smart contracts, Oracle price feeds, and automation for the liquidation. And also, you know, Supra is rolling out our cross chain communication protocol. It's called a supernova. We used to call it hypernova. Supernova is actually layer one to layer one communication. We skipped the bridge. It's considered a bridge less protocol for cross chain communication. Now, this is also going out this week on testnet. So we have a lot going on. We're pushing a lot of different protocols and innovations. Just due to the time constraints, I'm just going to kind of go through this quickly here. But I'll tell you what. I think I'm most excited about the two major innovations we're bringing to market right now, which is Supra Nova's cross chain communication protocol. Layer one to layer one communication. How do we do that? We do that by just recomputing the consensus of the change we interact with. In the proof of stake world, we know who the validators are. So we can just recalculate if they've reached supermajority or not. Cryptograph will be secure as a result. So you skip the bridge. Layer one, Oracle price feeds, cross chain communication, and the big one, automation. No one has enshrined automation. We're the first to do this. This will open up all kinds of use cases. This will also enable cross chain execution, cross chain strategies. You can do things, for example, on chain indexes or indices, which actually automatically rebalance with the ownership of the underlying asset across different chains. The possibilities are endless. The vertical integration of many services in a single infrastructure, it was always inevitable. We're the first to do it. Thank you, everyone. We have to change the independence of, cross chainacamize and round that you have to put into the background today for the entire climate project in itself. We've reached theGE and version. Next question is. ziet� fought against, shining aloe, иде了, right?占 aloe. That's unique purpose is the key,render, 없고.