 I'm glad that both of you could be here today with me. So if you just want to go ahead, give a quick background about yourselves and then I'll go. Professor? Yeah, my name is Xiaoli. I'm currently an assistant professor at UHK. I'm working on cryptography and some blockchain technology, related technologies like zero knowledge or succinct arguments. Yeah. Hey everyone. My name is Rodney Shen and I'm a third year computer science student at the University of Carlton in Ottawa and I'm also the founder of the blockchain club at my school. And for those of you who don't know me, my name is Isabelle Key. I'm a final year student at Boston University and I run operations at the Blockchain Acceleration Foundation, which I've been doing now for about a year and a half. So with that, I think we'll just go ahead and dive right in. I think we all know how competitive and cutthroat this industry can be. But where we've really seen innovation and these new creations really come about, especially things like Starknet, Ethereum, which we all know. Ethereum started by Vitalik. Vitalik is a Waterloo alum. So I think my question to you guys is, despite an ever-changing competitive environment, how have you guys worked to kind of prioritize the main focus here of just getting people on-chain? Yeah, I think, first of all, I would say blockchain clubs, they naturally thrive on collaboration because they are a place where people can get together and share ideas and it really create a healthy space for this collaboration. On the other hand, of course, the Web3 industry is very competitive, but I think the collaboration and competition can co-exist. I think the club just focuses more on the community aspect to hosting events like a hackathon, a workshop or discussion group to create the collaborative space. In my university of CUHK, I think this is further supported by design of courses or programs. For example, we are one of the earliest institutes worldwide to offer courses like blockchain and both from the applied theoretical side. To be honest, currently, according to my knowledge, we have six different courses for both the undergraduate and post-graduates. And two of them are coming from the business school for financial technology industry department. And four of them are from the computer science or electronic management. The engineering school ones are more focusing on the technology level things. And the financial department thing are more focused on the business model. They are trying to build business leaders, but with some technical insights so that they can serve the community better, like to bridge the different needs from the technical experts and the business leaders or investors. Yeah, I think this kind of program design really, really helps to bridge the theory and practice and also from the technology and the business aspects. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's really cool. I think you guys have like six more Blox-Toying courses than we do. We have zero, so that was a joke. Yeah, when it talks about balancing competition and collaboration in the space, I think in my experience so far, a lot of it has just been, you know, we're building up together, right? There's not really this sense of competition and cutthroatness because simply because, right, in Canada, we have like 436 post-secondary institutions, but we only have about six university clubs, right? So it doesn't really make sense for us to start, you know, fighting each other and fighting over sponsorships when there's the Web3 community is so broad and diverse. And, you know, that's really true when you just, you know, just go on Twitter, right? And you talk to, you just DM people on Twitter and ask if you want to like collab with them, and they're more likely not to say yes, right? That's one of our main methods of outreach we've done so far at our club. And another thing to add, right, I think it's really funny because we have such little clubs, right? Everyone is, everyone's like talks to each other, right? All the heads of, all the presidents of the blockchain clubs in Canada, we're in group chats, you know, we're all like university students. We send memes to each other and we talk about how we can help each other out. So I think it's a, it's a really new industry and I think it's, it's really cool because it just sounds like just hanging out with your friends and you're building communities. So yeah, yeah, of course. I think that's the best thing about like just the web through industry as a whole is it's a very collectivist kind of movement. I think the goal of it basically is like we all accelerate together. And then I think with that, you know, as we all know, like one year in web three is like a generation past in web two and traditional finance. So with that, I think based on your observations of how long you guys have both been in the space, how has the sentiment kind of changed over time, you know, through bear through bull, um, through the different like regulatory, you know, impositions and sanctions that have been imposed throughout by various governments, as well as, you know, the rise of like meme coins and like all these different other kind of, you know, different sects of web three. So I think how has like the environment in your opinion shifted, be it whether it's from a technical standpoint, a legal standpoint or just a general financial standpoint. Do you want to start first or yeah, I think that's a really interesting question. I think, um, because our club's so new, right? We haven't been through so many cycles. So this is our first, you know, really fortunate we're starting off in a bowl, which is, you know, really cool. Um, and when it talks about perception of students of what three, you know, I think they have a general basic knowledge before coming in, like, you know, what Bitcoin is, they've heard of that before. Um, but when it comes to new, more nuanced things, uh, more so like, you know, like ZK, uh, it's probably a bit less. Um, but I think that's something we're trying to build on. Um, and I think, I suppose now I'll say two things, right? So with meme coins, I think that's a really good onboarding method, honestly, because I think it's easy for everyone to understand, right? It's something funny. Um, uh, but also the fact that I'd say, uh, of how fast the industry moves, right? Like you said, uh, year in, uh, but three is a generation in the normal world, right? And I think from where we are in Ottawa, right? I'm talking about our situation. Um, in Ottawa, I'm not sure if you guys know, right? There's a lot of bureaucracy. It's big governments, you know, and, uh, big telecom companies. So not the most innovative, not the best innovation. Um, I think it's a breath of fresh air for students in Carleton. When we have, uh, an industry that's moves at this fast of a pace, I think it's something, uh, it's a breath of fresh air for them. And I think this is a big reason why we get, um, so many students at our clubs, right? Because I think students do want to be entrepreneurial and do want to, uh, build cool things. And I think what three can be a means of, uh, doing so. Yeah, definitely. Especially the chance to be like first at something or like, you know, one of like, you know, the Genesis kind of generation of like the space. I think that really, you know, incentivizes students to want to participate and get involved. And then professor. Yeah, my experience is like very similar to Roni. Uh, I think it's a combination of three, uh, reasons. The financial aspect, the, uh, uh, uh, and also the, uh, a financial aspect. And, uh, maybe let me just start with the financial one first. I think, uh, uh, according to my experience, like this, this generation of students really, really, really know that, uh, Web3 is a thriving industry. And, uh, they see that this as a place they can especially establish their career. And, uh, this is, uh, how aware actions are and they want to be a part of it. Uh, this, this industry already create, already show great potential to create, uh, many job opportunities, which is one of the most, uh, concerns of the undergraduate students. Yeah. Um, that's like one concern. The other one is like a more like a cultural, uh, in a sense that, uh, um, you know, the ideas behind the, uh, concrete technologies of, uh, Web3 or blockchain is just incredibly, uh, like conceptually or intellectually appealing. Uh, I, I, I can tell this from, uh, my, uh, teaching experience. Like, uh, for example, when I, when I talk about some concepts or technical concepts, like for example, uh, uh, succinct and, uh, and succinct argument of knowledge. So this idea was initially rooted from, uh, uh, some theorem called PCP theorem, which is a very theoretical computer science thing. And, uh, uh, when, when I explain this connection to them, uh, they just hooked. They, they think, oh, this is fascinating in that, uh, you can turn a, uh, purely mathematical object and turn it into some, uh, uh, something in our real world. Like to, to provide the privacy and consistency in our real world. This just like, this is a purely like intellectually appealing. So this incurs their curiosity. I can see that after this topic, if you're more motivated to investigate this topic further. Yeah. I think this is like one of also one of the men, men, uh, like motivations. The, the, the finally, I think the ethical, uh, concerns also plays a role in the sense that, uh, you know, uh, uh, web three promise to, uh, provide a more, uh, equal or privacy or decentralized internet environment. And, uh, this, this concept like it resonates with the young people nowadays a lot. And, uh, yeah, it's just, uh, attract them like to this industry and they want to contribute their own share to make the internet a better place. I guess. Yeah. It's just a combination of the three, three, uh, reasons. It's all about building the open web. And then with that professor, I just had one more follow up to that as could you talk a little bit about a certain project that you've seen kind of go from like the academic space, like from the university ecosystem that's, you know, been built out and like, is now like a fully fledged main protocol or projects. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, uh, the, the one, one example comes to my mind or the project called, uh, Z cash. I think most of you have already heard of it. It was a, like a, uh, project started in the academia and, uh, it was turned into a successful, like, uh, industrial example. So this Z cash is basically it's a privacy focused, uh, a blockchain idea. You, you want to add on top of the, uh, blockchain, a traditional blockchain and prep protect the privacy further by using technologies like a zero knowledge proof. And, uh, these ideas were originated from, uh, uh, theoretical cryptographers in the academia, uh, specifically, I think, uh, Ellie Ben Sasson and professor, professor, professor, Alessandro Chiesa when he was at a UC Berkeley. And then, uh, it was nice to see that, uh, they successfully turned this into, uh, like, uh, a startup. And I think that their, their chains are running success, running like, uh, successively nowadays. And, uh, but, but of course this transition is not easy. Uh, I, I can see that sometimes we want to turn a academic project to, uh, like real world stuff. You have a lot of concerns. Like, first of all, you need to care about it. Like you have financial concerns. You need to think about how to hear engineering, how to respondings. And, uh, yeah, a lot of administrative staff are marketing and things. Also, you, you, you, sometimes you, you face questions from the regulators. So, like, I think this is the place that we are, uh, organizations like a BAF can play a big role or make a big difference. Because they can help, uh, like bridge the researchers and, and the financial people, like, uh, for example, e-masters and also, also the, uh, uh, legal experts, lawyers to help addressing this kind of, uh, issue to make the transition more smooth. Yeah. One of the best mottos right now is bridging the gap between academia and the real industry. And that's something that we've been really, really successful with, you know, bringing students from all over the globe to different conferences like consensus, ETH, Denver, token, et cetera, as well as kind of, you know, supporting students in their, like, just overall building process. A lot of our students, you know, now are very successful. They've ended up at companies like Hedera. Some have gone on to work with us. Some have gone on to be at Coinbase or go for masters and PhDs. And throughout that entire thing, BAF has supported them through, be it academic, post-grad advising, grants and stipends to come to different conferences around the world, or even just kind of like giving them a space to really showcase their ideas. And that's something that, you know, us as an organization has been really proud about. We believe in like a collectivist kind of, you know, mindset of just, I think it's when one of us succeed, all of us generally tend to succeed. So that's how we've really like approached working with students, academics and researchers from like all over the world. And then one final question for you, Rodney, is what have you personally done in your ecosystem to kind of keep the spirit of the open web going? Yeah. I think two main things, right? So for our events at our club, we have, one of them is like we have guest speakers, right? So we have guest speakers from the industry. So this is Sarah Founders. These are C-suite execs, big exchanges that come in and talk to our students and give insights, very nuanced insights about the field, right? Not stuff they can usually find on the web. Because I think this gives them a perspective about what Web3 really is coming from someone that has, you know, power in this field. And to transition that onto what we do is also like workshops, right? You know, I have a technical background. Most of our club is devs. We want to actually start learning and running workshops and learning together of how to actually, you know, leverage this technology, right? And they work hand in hand because, you know, they get inspired from, you know, hearing startup founders and talk about their successes to learning about, you know, have a reason to learn. And as well as when they do have this, you know, background and knowledge about the Web3, they're going to be a lot more, it's going to be a lot easier for them to understand the very nuanced topics that they talk about, right? So yeah, that's... And I mean, you never know who the next Vitalik will be, so. But thank you to you both. I really appreciate your time.