 My name is John Lillick. I guess most people know me as kind of like the early Ethereum guy. I spent six years at ConsenSys. I was with Polygon. I run my own venture fund. And I helped lead a project called Telos, which is primarily focused on ZK. But along the way, we've been doing lots of different types of research. And this is a talk that I've given at a few conferences over the last few months. And today I'm going to expand on it a little bit. Obviously, it's a little bit timely because we've had some pretty significant news from Microsoft today. Interestingly, the last time I gave this talk, the Google Willow news came out. So each time I give these talks at conferences, there's some big piece of news. So basically, kind of the first thing that I would like to suggest is that we need to get very serious right now about public-private key pair infrastructure, elliptic curve cryptography. And the extent to which deriving a private key from a public key is something that could be possible in the near term, perhaps much sooner than we might have thought in the past. Okay. So the easy way to think about it is, and historically, I was always one of those people that thought in order to have a quantum computer, we need like the NSA or DARPA or the US military in partnership with Google to build a big gigantic machine. And this is going to take a tremendously long time. But actually, the timeline is accelerating tremendously and I'll get into some more detail around that. And moreover, when you look at breaking elliptic curve cryptography, as it turns out, it's a very low hanging fruit. Okay. It's one of the first things to go. So when you look at the current state of the quantum ecosystem, and by the way, let me just, okay, let me make sure. Okay. So when you look at the current state of the quantum ecosystem, and this is sort of stepping outside of our crypto bubble, I would suggest that what you'll find is a very robust ecosystem. You've got obviously very large, well-established incumbents, the IBMs, the Microsofts, the Googles of the world. But then you also have Riverlane. You have SciQuantum. SciQuantum, by the way, is one of the most exciting companies in the world, in my opinion. A lot of people in the crypto space haven't heard about SciQuantum, but I think they're going to play a tremendously pivotal role as it relates to security infrastructure for our ecosystem. SciQuantum is taking a very interesting approach. They're building much smaller devices. Okay. 1,162 qubits each. And you can network many of these devices together and produce a big enough network that can potentially break Bitcoin every 10 minutes. So one of the things I always like to say is you can look at the roadmaps, okay? And you can look at, for example, DARPA. You can look at IBM. You can look at Riverlane. You can look at Google. You can look at all of these big institutions. I think Mitsubishi as well. And definitely some of the big Japanese conglomerates as well. And you can sort of track where we are today relative to what their timelines predicted many years ago. And I think what you'll discover is we're actually ahead of schedule. So this was kind of an old IBM sort of roadmap, okay? In terms of when we would hit Q-Day. But one of the things that's happened is AI improvements have driven tremendous, tremendous acceleration on the algorithmic side, okay? So when you want to try to understand quantum risk in the context of crypto, obviously there's a hardware story. We have to build quantum computing infrastructure at the hardware level. But there's also the algorithmic side, okay? So when you look at, for example, the Google Willow news with error correction, and I'll talk a little bit more about that. And when you look at broadly across the board, we're seeing tremendous innovation on the algorithmic side. Powered by AI. And that's a real AI use case. And that's cutting down the timeline significantly. And in my view, this is an example of that. Okay. So there's a guy named Lutinski. In 2022, he put out a very important paper. Okay? And basically, so there's another concept called Toffley gates. And some of these terms might be foreign at this time, but I think they're going to become just as commonplace as hardware wallets and private keys. And, you know, those were very foreign, weird terms to us in 2012, 2011. So we've got these different types of implementations. And what you'll discover if you take a look at that paper is actually, yeah, the potential to put the qubit count physically connected into a single machine has been sort of displaced by this approach of many machines, not one big one. Okay? And so he put out another paper, Lutinski in 2023, how to compute a 256 bit elliptic curve private key with only 50 million Toffley gates. And so in this scenario, and this goes back to what I mentioned before, when you look at, for example, PsyQuantum and their approach, these much smaller photonic wafer platforms, you can kind of put together 6,000 of these devices and you have enough to break Bitcoin roughly every 10 minutes. Okay? Take a look at that white paper. I got to kind of move through this stuff because I got a lot of slides, but definitely take a look through it, put it in your AI, have it summarized for you, try to understand. This is kind of the main takeaway though. Again, 6,000 modules with 1,152 qubits each is enough to break Bitcoin. Okay? And when I say Bitcoin, I mean, if you have a public key from that public key, you can derive the private key. Okay? Okay. So quantum computers have entered into mass production. I would argue that's the case. You can go on Governor Pritzker's, he's the governor of Illinois. You can go on his ex account, Mayor Brandon Adams, the governor, the governor, the governor Pritzker's the governor of Illinois, Brandon Adams, the mayor of Chicago. PsyQuantum just opened an incredibly massive facility in Illinois. They have a very large facility in Brisbane, Australia, and so on. You can also even go to job search websites and you'll find that they are hiring people who are qualified to help scale this out. Okay? Okay. And of course, what does this mean if we have Q-Day? Well, actually, it's going to be sort of like pretty nondescript. You might go on X on Twitter and you'll see people posting and saying, wow, this one guy bought Bitcoin in 2011 and he hasn't sold any of it for 15 years. What an amazing GigaChad and he's made so much money. Actually, that could be that you wouldn't know the difference between that and a quantum attack. Likewise, it might be that some of these companies, when they get to that certain, you know, when they get to a point where they think they can break a 256 bit elliptic curve, they might offer that as a service. So if you're that guy in the UK who accidentally threw out his hard drive with, you know, a billion dollars worth of Bitcoin in it, you might go to one of these companies, sign a contract and say, hey, if you recover this Bitcoin for me, you can keep 60% of it. And again, you wouldn't know any different. You wouldn't know any different until the frequency started to increase. In other words, instead of every 10 minutes, some old Bitcoin moved, it's happening much faster or there's many more transactions moving at a higher frequency. So again, what does this mean? We need to kind of prepare. I think there's a couple of ways to think about it. There's defense, which means taking existing networks, existing assets, existing infrastructure, making it sort of resilient in the context of this new type of paradigm, if you will. I've talked a bit about this on Twitter in the case of Bitcoin. I think it's like a four to seven year roadmap in the case of Ethereum. It's a very complicated thing to do in the case of Solana and some others. It's likely to change performance characteristics. OK, but either we prepare or we risk tremendous, tremendous financial loss. And in terms of timelines, again, I would refer you back to Latinsky. You could take a look at that. I was talking to my buddy, Lex, a former colleague of mine. He's also VC. And I told him I'm no longer doing any deals where tokens vest after 2027. I'm just not. I don't have a lot of confidence. Definitely going to 2028 and 2029. I think this topic will be probably one of the things people talk about the most. OK, so I've given you a little bit of hopefully context and maybe some of it is concerning. But I also want to give you the other side of the picture, which is thinking about what this new entirely new technology could enable. OK, what does the future look like? Why should we embrace it? And what does quantum money look like? OK, and so, of course, like with anything, when there's a big shift, there's tremendous opportunities. When Bitcoin came around, it really opened everybody's eyes to the art of the possible when we have no need for trusted intermediaries to facilitate transactions. And from that, of course, we had kind of early wave of altcoins. And I remember that. I remember a cork back in I watched a YouTube video from a guy named Bill Still. And I bought some cork and I bought some other other coins, but they're basically just forks of Bitcoin that had a little bit of functionality change. They'd have to spin up a whole new network. And then, of course, Vitalik came and generalize that with the EVM. And so you don't have to continue to build that network effect. And we've had this like tremendous innovation that's gotten us to this point. And likewise, I think the innovation to come is going to be even more interesting in the next couple few years. So one shot signatures. OK. And so this is this is really interesting because and probably a lot of crypto people have heard about T trusted execution environments. You know, and and I guess that's been like a pretty fancy buzzword. But what we're talking about is leveraging superposition. OK. And enabling new types of signature schemes that are currently impossible to do. OK. Instant absolute finality. I think that's going to be a pretty, pretty well known kind of, you know, people talk about finality. Right now. And that's something that people didn't really talk about 10, 12, 15 years ago. But I think instant absolute finality is going to be one of the one of the big talking big, big buzzwords to come as this stuff develops. OK. One time programs, one time applications. OK. So you execute on any one input exactly once. OK. So this is the notion of quantum memories. One time one time memories. And so you could imagine a tradable financial instrument that's like a like a like right now we sort of have these defy applications like Aave and it sits there on Ethereum and it's constantly just rotating. Everyone can see everything. But imagine if it was just every time you use Aave for your transaction, it only happened that one time and that's it. So again, this is classically impossible. It's currently not possible to build a one time application. And what's really interesting is these one time programs are provably impossible. And again, I think you're going to take a look at something like Weisner states and it's going to be another sort of big thing that we talk about in the future. OK. OK. Let's keep going. So quantum key distribution, QKD. You could take a look at the slides here. But basically, we get into some pretty cool stuff here. OK. You will know if someone is trying to spoof information. OK. So when you look at this notion of quantum no cloning theorem, OK, it just makes it very, very hard. It makes it basically impossible to copy something. OK. So an eavesdropper will not have the opportunity to come in and read your message essentially. OK. So what we're talking about is essentially what my friends at Never Local like to call this perfect cryptography. OK. Basically provable perfect cryptography. It gets into some really interesting realms that are currently not possible. Security that is significantly enhanced in what we see today. And those become sort of foundational elements for something called quantum money. OK. And the way I kind of like to talk about this is ledgerless blockchains. So imagine you sort of have an application on your phone and tokens appear in your phone. And now you have the tokens, but you don't need to reference a blockchain in order to verify that those tokens are real. OK. So blockchains that do not need miners, validators, nodes or any form of shared state. It's kind of like cash. Right. So when you have a $100 US bill in your pocket, you don't need to then go on the blockchain to verify that you have that $100 in your pocket. I mean, of course, the bill may have some security measures printed on it and so on. But similarly, quantum money is a feature that potentially enables some really, really cool opportunities, including ledgerless blockchains. OK. And so this kind of goes back to what I was saying earlier in terms of understanding the risk, being able to mitigate the risk, but then also getting excited about the future potential and future opportunities. I would circle back to that kind of mitigating risk part. And this is something I've talked a lot about publicly and I know that others as well. I think my buddy Eric Wall is somewhere around. He and my other buddy Udi are leading the Quantum Cats effort on Bitcoin. Jameson Lopp has done a really great job of signaling this issue and surfacing it. And I think, you know, my message very clearly to the Bitcoin maximalists who simply deny that any of this is real claim that it's all a scam. If Bitcoin doesn't take action and by taking action, we definitely at a minimum need OpCat. You need concatenation. And then after that, you really need to change the block sizes. And there's actually quite a bit more that you need to do. And it's probably like a four to seven year effort, frankly speaking, in my opinion. If you don't take action now and the same goes to every other blockchain that has, you know, a robust community and a reason to care, whether that's Ethereum, whether that's Solana. Ethereum has a roadmap on its kind of beam trajectory that Justin Drake has articulated very well in my opinion. But I think it's far too slow. Okay. It's a lengthy roadmap that I think is very comfortable in terms of the timeframe. And it doesn't account for the pace at which everything is moving. I think everybody needs to pay attention to this now, right now, because if you don't, not only will you have a very hard time mitigating, but you're also going to be competing with new technologies. You're going to be competing with quantum money. You're going to be competing with ledgerless blockchains. Okay. It's going to be, in my opinion, a really spectacular kind of thing to witness as this transition happens. And this is one of the things I talk about with my friends and others. I don't think we need to get to the point where quantum computers exist and quantum attacks are happening before there's a violent shift in the market. I think we just need to get to the point where the market realizes that this is inevitable and that at some point in the near future, somebody is going to be able to launch, successfully launch quantum attacks. Okay. In other words, elliptic curve cryptography is credibly at risk. Once we get to that point and the market believes that that's coming in the near future, that's when I think we're going to see trillions, you know, $3 trillion market. I think it's all going to be wiped out. The vast majority of it is going to be gone. Nobody's going to hold any tokens if they feel as though waking up tomorrow, your public key, you know, or your private key, you know, could be, could be exposed. Even though you have everything safely secured in cold storage. Okay. So that's why I think it's very important. And that's one of the reasons why I've been kind of thinking about this stuff. Not only have I been investing in it through my fund, but the project I'm very focused on, Telos, we've been thinking about this well in advance. Device independent cryptography is another really interesting kind of characteristic in terms of the future of all of this stuff. So, you know, it's, I like to say, unreasonably secure. Okay. Device independent cryptography, it is secure even if the attacker has no control, has control of your hardware. Right. And so we've seen like, and by the way, Ledger, Trezor, these companies, I give them a lot of credit. They've done a great job. But, you know, at the same time, we've seen sort of issues in the past. And some of those are related to the hardware. A lot of that is kind of how the user uses the hardware and so on. But this is a new type of way of thinking about crypto hardware. Okay. Device independent cryptography. Securing your ledgerless tokens. And, you know, really when you think about it also, and you think about like Ledger and Trezor and these great companies, you know, there's others too like Grid Plus and others. There's already many millions of hardware devices out there. None of them will be applicable for this stuff. I mean, the ledgers don't have enough memory to run the bigger signatures and so on. So what we're going to need is a massive reset and like many, many, many millions of hardware devices sort of like either upgraded and or entirely new models shipped out into the market. So this goes back to what I was saying before in terms of trying to understand the scope and scale of what the migration looks like. Okay. So, yeah. So basically embracing opportunity. Entirely new cryptography. Okay. New standards. NIST just released a whole bunch of quantum cryptography standards a few months ago. You could take a look online. And we have a new race, right? We have all sorts of discussions around this topic for the first time really in a kind of credible way. And every time some news comes out, this becomes a bigger and bigger issue. The meta around this is growing. And, yeah, we can kind of either wait to be broken or we can lead the transition to security. And I think that, yeah, again, and I don't mean to harp on too much about Bitcoin maximalists, but I do think they have a tremendous amount of influence. And I've had lots of fights with Bitcoin maximalists over the years. And I know how much they can stifle progress. At the same time, I give them a lot of credit because they maintain a type of orthodoxy and they don't fall for so many. They don't fall for scams so easily. But the reality is this kind of like culture that's emerging right now of like this stuff is all a scam and it's all a grift and we don't have to worry about any of it. I think it's like very, very harmful because it's wasting a lot of time. And if we don't prepare ahead of time, we're going to be in big trouble. Okay. So this is kind of my main takeaway message. You know, let's reject Doomerism. Let's also reject the denialism. Let's embrace the future. If you want to get in touch with me. Actually, that's my old Twitter. You can just find me under Alilic John at Alilic John. You know, these are just some of the teams behind these efforts. And yeah, thank you very much for your time.