 Music Good morning. This is really awesome to finally see. We are all gathered from truly around the world at ConsenSys Hong Kong. This is the Open Money Summit and this is the stage where you're going to learn all things about how traditional finance and the digital ecosystem are converging and intersecting. I'm Tira Gray, Managing Director of Coindesk Events, and it's truly a pleasure to welcome you in our very first session, which could not be more appropriate to start the day with, from Wall Street to crypto. We have three esteemed Wall Street veterans joining us today for this opening session. It is my pleasure to welcome them to the stage. The at scale is best represented by the over 8,000 attendees of which over 75% traveled from outside of Hong Kong to join us. We have nearly 100 countries represented here today. Second is to leverage Hong Kong's unique geographic position to be a gateway to Asia. We have gathered the top voices and ecosystems from around the region to provide attendees an effective and efficient way to gain substantive insight into the Asia region. And finally, third is to showcase Hong Kong. This is my home and it is our ambition to lead the Web3 industry in how conferences can incorporate the uniqueness of our host city. It's been our desire with ConsenSys to incorporate iconically Hong Kong elements into the official conference experience and to get you to fall in love with our city. One of the best examples of this is the partnership that we have as the first ever Web3 Cup race sponsor for the Hong Kong Jockey Club, which we will be hosting the ConsenSys Cup tonight at the Happy Valley Racecourse, an iconically Hong Kong experience you should not miss. On top of that, there are over 330 side events scattered across the city this week. I hope that you get the chance to experience everything the city of Hong Kong has to offer. We sincerely appreciate how much time, effort and resources you have invested into making ConsenSys Hong Kong one of the most important Web3 conferences globally this year. We also appreciate how much time, a lot of the people who have done this work, we are here today. Thank you. Those are some incredible stats, Michael. Good morning, everyone. Joe Son. Zao Sang-hao. Wow, I am just beyond energized by the enthusiasm and the excitement that's in this room right now. Thank you so much to everyone who traveled from near and far here to Hong Kong to join us this week. On behalf of CoinDesk, we are thrilled to be building on the legacy of the Consensus Conference, the longest running and the most respected digital asset conference in the world by expanding and growing and bringing the experience here to Asia. This marks the first major crypto gathering this year, really setting the stage for 2025. Even though we're just a few weeks into this year, it's already been a landmark start to 2025 with so much happening in the space. What an exciting time to be in the digital assets industry and to all be gathered here together. We're seeing real progress from around the world as governments like right here in Hong Kong develop clear crypto regulations. And as a result, after what feels like many years of waiting, more institutions are entering the space. And institutional adoption is really starting to gain some momentum. We're discovering new practical use cases for blockchain technology more and more every single day. And finally, the entire space is buzzing with new entrants who are just driving this innovation and growth. So as you walk the halls of the convention center over these next few days, as you listen in on panels, as you partake in meetings, I hope you'll have the opportunity to really explore and discuss all of these exciting developments that are happening. I hope you meet with some great people. I hope you learn a ton. And I also hope you close some deals, which is what consensus is really, really all about. So again, I want to thank you all for being here. We hope you have an incredible and productive time here at this conference. And we look forward to seeing you in just a few months at our flagship conference, consensus conference, which is happening this year in Toronto in May. So thank you so much. And without further ado, I'll let Michael introduce our honorary keynote speaker today. Thank you. Thank you so much, Sarah. So with that, I would now like to invite the Honorable Mr. Paul Chen, Financial Secretary of the Government of the Hong Kong SAR, to join us on stage to deliver his opening keynote.