 Hi everybody. We're here to talk about the future of crypto. I know you think you've been hearing about that for the last two days, but I promise you, you haven't heard it like this before. Joining me today are three of the preeminent world experts on all things happening within the markets. I'm going to let each of them introduce themselves. But what you're going to hear today, over the next 30 minutes, is a discussion of kind of what, between the next now and five years from now, 2030 if you can believe it, how the world's going to change vis-a-vis how crypto is going to be actually adopted. Not hopes, not dreams, practically, realistically, what's going to occur. Personally, if I were an investor, I'd be listening to this, not for financial advice, but just to understand what the real TAM might be. So, Kevin, let's start with you. Sure, thanks. Who are you? Yes. Yeah, I'm Kevin. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Kirok. We're a financial service provider based originally in Europe, but active worldwide now. We work with token issuers initially as a market maker, but then we expanded our activities. We're an OTC desk on Spot and Options, and we really, we work with our clients to build long-term partnerships and make sure that their markets are a success, basically. Excellent. Thanks so much. Michael. Sure. Michael Wu here, co-founder and CEO of Amber Group. Amber Group is a eighth year startup. We are- Is it considered a startup after eight years? Well, mentally, we always see ourselves as startup founders. Fair enough. But, I mean, in terms of scale, we are one of the largest market maker, one of the largest service provider category leader in Asia in terms of crypto financial services. But at the core, we also see ourselves as a crypto technology builder. In terms of our businesses, we deal across the full spectrum crypto from the most innovative, highly iterative crypto native projects to, you know, guys who are coming into crypto. Yeah. We also have the stratified institutions, high networks, family offices. So we do see ourselves as the gateway to crypto. And, you know, eighth year, tenth year, eighteenth year, hopefully we'll continue to see ourselves that way. I'm sure you will. Henry. Hi, my name is Henry. I serve as the CEO of Bitsy, btsc.com. We are an exchange provider, Spot, Futures, Markets. We are also a leader in B2B, so we provide exchange services for wallets. If you want to run a centralized exchange, decentralized exchange, any sort of infrastructure on crypto, we provide that as well, both cryptocurrencies. Starting this space 2016, right here in Hong Kong. We're based in Asia, small but growing firm, about 350 people now, looking to hire more, expand our talent pool and continue to invest into this industry. Well, I can tell you this. Back in 2016, a company with 350 people in crypto, consensus didn't have 350 people in 2016. Yeah. So that was new. And Henry, how long, sorry, Michael, how long have you been in crypto? I mean, personally, probably around 2016, 2017, but Amber started in late 2017. Kevin. Same thing. So personally, 2014 actually, so 10 years now. And Kirok, we started in 2017. Excellent. And I'm, for those of you who don't know, I'm David Waxman of Waxman. We're celebrating our 10th year in business. And I've been in space since early 2014. So between all of us, we've seen a lot of cycles. And the reason I'm mentioning this is because our job today is to predict the future. And Winston Churchill and a lot of others would like to say that although history essentially doesn't repeat itself, it often rhymes. So before we can kind of talk about the future, I kind of want to talk about now. Where are we? I believe recently it was unveiled that Binance claims, at least, to have 700 million registered users. And if there are eight, roughly eight billion people on Earth, that means, what is that, nine, eight and a half percent of all people on the planet have a Binance account? So are we past the entry point of crypto? I mean, is this really where we are? Almost 10% of people have wallets. Kevin? Yeah, sure. I mean, if they have the numbers, they have the numbers, right? So I guess that's where we are. And what's interesting to me is that when you look at the comparison between how much expectation and the hype there is on this technology and what it allows, which brought so many people to be active on digital assets versus the actual mainstream usage that remains very, very low. I think that's what makes me so enthusiastic, actually, about digital assets. So you're enthusiastic that it's boring and unused. I mean, what I find amazing is that there's so many people excited about it, despite being so little use for it, actually, currently. It shows how much can be done, right? Because what do we have as real mainstream application today is many stable coins. And that's what gets me excited. It's like when we have so many expectations, so much hype on something because it makes so much sense, and yet it's still used seldomly. It tells us how much more there is to build. And that gets me excited. Okay. So of the 10% roughly of the world population, they're stoked about this because of the future potential of the technology and not for the fact that they can make money in seconds on meme coins? Henry? I think the meme coin was one of those things and still is one of those things that actually helped onboard a lot of people on chain. They might not even know they were interacting on chain. They might have just dropped a WhatsApp group message saying, here's the CA, and they know CA means contract address, and here's what I got to invest into. But I think the Binance numbers are quite aligned because as an exchange, we also face a number of the main market makers in the space, and they face obviously the retail traders. And the data that we see is anywhere between 200 to 300 people interact with trades, actually trading and investing in crypto. 200 million, you mean? 200 to 300 million, correct. That's still a huge number. We're talking about the essentially population of the United States, roughly 4% of the world's population. Actively trading. That's just remarkable. Michael, are you seeing similar numbers? Sure. I mean, again, if we are talking about user base, we have to define them, right? I mean, these 700, 800, close to a billion, whatever number, probably include a lot of people who at some point had a crypto account, or maybe they have bought some crypto, or tested it. But then you go down to the active trading number, like Henry mentioned, that number's got to be a portion of that. Then you go further to people who actually have used crypto, maybe other than buying them on… Like payments, for example? Payments, or use it. Use DeFi on chain, or any type of game file, any type of application. I think that number become a fraction of that second number. So in that sense, right, back to your question where we are. I still think we're very early. I still think we're very early in terms of crypto being useful, in your words, right? Crypto utility is still very early. But, you know, to me, I'm actually very, very bullish on that growth, you know, probably 100-fold in the next couple of years. And we actually get to a point where… So crypto use will grow 100-fold? Crypto utility, yes. Beyond the crypto just being an investment or speculative asset. Okay, so let's talk about that first. So, I mean, if… and tell me I'm wrong here, guys, but it seems like there are two killer use cases for crypto so far. One is as an actual store of value, as an asset of some sort. I mean, you can… you have to pay taxes on your crypto, that's for sure. So the IRS's of the world have already determined that this is a use case. And lots of people seem to be storing their wealth or making wealth simply by buying and hodling Bitcoin, for example. And then payments seem to be taking off, especially with stablecoins, but you guys would know better than me. I mean, these seem like real use cases now, even if not everyone's using both. They are. They already are. I mean, what you're saying on payments and stablecoins. Like we're seeing at the OTC desk more and more, we're no longer onboarding hedge funds that want to trade. We're onboarding corporates that want to use crypto to do international payments. Are you really? We are, yeah. Like what… you don't have to name names, I'm guessing you literally can't. I won't. But I'm saying what types of companies are you seeing as corporates? Industrial companies that have entities that we're in the world and want to use crypto to assess… Like, I don't know, I'm a restaurant group or I'm a supply chain company. You're a large industrial company producing steel, whatever, and you're in one country and have an entity in another. You want to be able to pay your suppliers fast, you want to be able to settle internationally fast. We're seeing that now. It's happening. Henry, we were talking backstage about international remittances. Again, this is one of those things that I've got to tell you. Back in 2014, 2015, we were told was the future. And then it never seemed to really materialize, although lots of companies kind of seem to bet the farm on that. But you're telling me that it's actually being used now and we're seeing larger off-chain, meaning OTC-type transactions and volumes, and we're even seeing on-chain. That's right. I think it all gets reflected on-chain at one point, but a lot of these transactions are… They're manufactured, they're designed behind the scenes. So what you're going to see is companies who have actually ever settled with another counterparty or paid and made any sort of payment, once they start using stablecoins, their experience, just like all of us, is a very positive one. Yeah. And then they never go back because it helps with the whole nature of crypto being very capital efficient. Right? Now I can maximize the utility of my cash, my treasury, instead of waiting for it to be stuck in an intermediary bank. And not only do I have that, I get everything accessed, like leverage, I get credit, I get all these better terms. Well, when they finally learn how to do that, I would say first, just using stablecoins to send money from A to B is such a better experience than wires. But then yield? Exactly. Sounds pretty great. I think, you know, David, you might have a slight different perspective on that than, you know, maybe the rest of us because you are American, right? So if you think about payments, the fundamental payment right now, right, we're talking about stablecoins payments, right? It's actually needed much more outside of the U.S. than inside of the U.S. Sure. Inside U.S. you already have electronic payments. You have Venmo, you have all of that. It's already convenient enough, right? They may be getting it, they're still terrible. I promise you. Well, there are definitely rooms to improve. But on the other hand, right, there are people who are outside the U.S. actually need stablecoins because of why they actually need dollar. Fundamentally, stablecoins are just dollar, yield bearing or not, putting onto the blockchain, right? So there are people who need dollar and therefore they use stablecoins. And secondly, there are people who need cross-border payments or the ability to get around all kinds of constraints, you know, legally or physically or, you know, cost-wise. All these constraints to make essentially dollar payments cross-border, right? So that's why, you know, you see this kind of stablecoin or payments as a real utility much more outside the U.S. than inside the U.S. Interesting. So fundamentally, right, back to the point about crypto utility, you know, we need to really dig deep into what are the actual pain points. You can't just say crypto is useful there, blockchain is useful there. In a general sense, I don't think that's how it should work. You need to actually understand, okay, what exact pain points is this particular crypto utility or this particular crypto application solving, right? So stablecoin, as we all explained, actually solved, you know, at least these two problems, right? There are people who need dollar and can't get access to the dollar easily, so they go to stablecoins. There are people who need, you know, less constrained cross-border payments or reminitances, so they use stablecoins, whether these are corporates or individuals working overseas, right? Now, if you extend that logic to other crypto utilities, I think, you know, that can partially explain why some of the crypto utilities have taken off while others have not. So I want to explore the ones that haven't taken off, okay? So not to, I want to actually pop a hole in this bubble here because I go to these conferences and all I hear is people clapping for crypto, talking about how great it is, how it's the next big thing, and maybe it is the big thing now. But how many Web3 games are people actually playing? Okay? NFTs, remember when they were a big thing? What happened there? Memecoins seem to be having a bit of a moment right now. And so we've seen, like, all these other, I don't know, highly touted use cases for crypto. And I'm not saying that they shouldn't exist or won't exist, but it doesn't seem like they've taken off just yet, Kevin. Can I answer to that? I think it's interesting because I think you somewhat already solved the panel with your previous statement about stablecoins. You can say, this was all the rage five years ago and then it didn't happen. Well, yes, it did, but it took five years. You mean stablecoins? Yeah, exactly. Fine, that's fair. That's true. I think the logic is the same. So if you want to know what is going to happen in crypto and actually being used in the world in five years, it's very easy. Just walk around and just look at all the promises that they give you. Like, this is happening now. Yeah, sure, honey. It's happening in five years. That's the most bullish statement I've ever heard. You should go booth to booth and whatever they say five years from now is going to be true. Exactly. It just takes time. It takes time to build something that is meaningful and that is actually useful. And that's, I think, that dissonance is a bit where we are in crypto is that we believe that everything is going to happen in the next six months. And that's because we're used to having immediate liquidity on everything. But that's not how it works. If you want to build something meaningful that actually has impact, it's going to take time. So when they were promising international payment and remittance and so on, I mean, there was nothing. There was no liquidity. There was no stablecoin. There was no banking rails. There was no large otocidas. There was nothing. So, of course, that takes time to build. And so I think it's the same thing here. All the use cases that you mentioned. I mean, NFTs were all the rage two years ago. And, of course, there was loads of BS around it. But at the end of the day, there was still something that made sense. I mean, how many 10,000 piece collections of fake frogs can you have? Of course. You have loads of bullshit around it. But there is, at the end, something that actually makes sense. It's to have unique and digital together. And that is something that continues to grow. It's simply, I think, the disappointment simply comes from the expected timeline. Fine, fine. So we have an ADD industry. That much is fair. But can we get a little bit more concrete here? So what is, and look, you're probably going to be wrong just because predicting the future is inherently difficult. Five years from now, what's a use case that should take off, kind of making it a little bit easier on you, that hasn't taken off yet? Where people will actually be using crypto for it. Because again, this is the point of this panel. Henry, I'm putting you on the spot. Yeah. I think what will take off in the near future is your ability to collateralize your own assets. I'm not talking like RWA stuff. I think that's very far away. I think I'm talking financial instruments. So you have to start at the top of the value chain when it comes to financial services. So how many banks will then own assets on behalf of clients that are in stable coins or in some sort of digital asset that can then be used to be leveraged and created other forms of financial instruments? So right now, that doesn't exist much, especially because the US is the mecca for where all this financial activity takes place. I think with new administration and everything that's happening, as banks are able to then be able to issue these instruments, people are able to own them. We're able to see more and more leverage and finance. So essentially, you're going to see people's checking accounts turning into collateral for DeFi? Potentially. Potentially. I think. Or a version of that. Potentially. Because the institutions recognize it as an asset they can put a value on and give you an LTV for. Then once you use that, you might just hold it as a store of value. But now you're able to be very capital efficient and start using this on everyday investments, lending, borrowing, things like that. But it has to start at the top of the top of the value chain. That's why a lot of these things don't take off. NFT is like you mentioned, health on the blockchain or whatever that means. Hey, I really do believe you should get paid for working out and walking. It does make sense. Someone should pay you to do the right thing. Maybe it's your insurance company deducting. I mean, I don't know. That's just my opinion. OTC him a blocker stepping. Or whatever the newer version equivalent of that. Yeah, I actually agree with Henry. You know, I do think, you know, the tokenization. Or, you know, by tokenization, actually, what you get is digitalization and the financialization of all forms of assets. And therefore, you know, because hyper-financialized, you get a lot more liquidity, right? And, you know, hyper-financialized. Hyper-financialized. I like that phrase. So I do think that will happen because, you know, I think both the traditional financial industry are always incentivized to do that. Right? Even take crypto aside. Yeah, they are because they make points on every time they make a new product. Exactly. So, you know, I used to be a trader on the institutional side myself, right? And, you know, you look at the nature of trading, right? It's about making money when there's a transaction, right? That's why, you know, when, even before crypto days, when, you know, sort of high-frequency trading or quantitative trading, if you guys read like Flash Boys and all of that, changed, you know, how they, changes the financial industry even before crypto, right? And, you know, that's also happening through tokenization right now because you have things that was hard to financialize, things that traded at very lower frequency, right? You can always bother things, right? I have this water. I can always bother your, I don't know, your watch or whatever, right? But like if you financialize it, you functionalize it, you digitize it, distribute it globally, of course there are going to be much higher frequency of transactions. So, I think, you know, you've created actual market structure around something that maybe didn't have it before. Exactly. So, you know, back to NFT and I actually think meme coins today are somewhat of an extension of NFTs from last cycle, right? It's basically tokenizing a lot of things that wasn't financialized, right? You know, cloud, followers, attention, you know, arts, whatever you call it, or, you know, the ability to influence other people to buy. Usually things that are rather intangible. Sorry? Usually things that are rather intangible. Rather intangible or, you know, maybe they were financial in nature, they just need a medium to be more financial. Fair enough. Okay. So, you know, that's why I think, you know, what Henry said will happen in the five years, right? The tokenization or digitalization or hyper-financialization things. So it's hyper-financialization. I believe that, and the reason I buy that is because it does seem like the two main use cases we've talked about with crypto are financial in nature, right? One of them is growing your wealth and one of them is distributing it to a certain extent. So this makes sense to me. What about something just a little bit further? I mean, am I asking for too much for something like a use case for crypto that's not just about making money? I think digital identity. Okay. So this is one, fine. I want to explore this. This is one we've been hearing about forever. Exactly. It takes time. The wonderful future where, you know, your identity is something that's sovereign to you. This is going to happen? I think so, yeah. I mean, it's extraordinarily needed. Especially now, I mean, half this world is talking about AI. So I think that, you know, being able to actually know who's human or not and having your own sovereignty on your own data and your own identity is… This is what WorldCoin's been pushing. Exactly, yeah. It's tremendously needed. But again, it's something that takes time. But I think the need is there. The logic of putting something that is both digital and unique together is there. So I think all the pieces of the puzzle are starting to be there for it to really take off, yeah. I actually have, like, a slight different perspective on that. I do believe in DID. I do think that's a very needing structure. It probably happens. I think it very likely happens in the next five years. But I think the reason why it happens or who needs it… And when we say that, you mean, like, it's going to be widely adopted within the next five years. That's what you mean, correct? Yes, I do believe so. But again, you know, I don't think the reason it happens is because people or humans need it. Humans do not care most of the time, right? If fundamentally take aside the financial… Humans don't care about what? Humans do not care about privacy. They say they do. But most of the time, they do not, right? And fundamentally, the most essential… Do you guys believe this? That humans don't care about privacy? Honestly, show of hands. Who here cares about privacy? Raise your hand. Well, let's put it that way, right? I think privacy is a luxury. If you do, how many of you click reject cookies every time you open your website? Oh, shit. No, no, no. You're all lying now. I don't believe you at all. Okay. Right. If you're going to get paid $10 a month, if whatever app you're already using that's probably already stealing your data, openly say we will take your data. Yeah. Okay. Fine, fine. You win this one. I think it's starting to change, though. Because once you have your own data and you can actually monetize it, the reason is now you're being robbed and you don't even know about it. Yeah, but I see. I don't buy that one. I want you to continue your point, then I can find a girlfriend. Oh, no worries. So fundamentally, right, why we need the blockchain, it's more costly, right, by definition. You put an application on blockchain, it's more costly, right? And then no matter what layer one solutions you use, essentially you're trading off efficiency and the cost there, right? Yes. For security, for immutability. Less so security. Security, yes, maybe. It depends on how you define security. Fundamentally, I think you trade that off for permissionlessness and trustlessness, right? And these two things, most human consumers really do not care. If they don't have access to a product, they say, okay, you know, I use some other product. Most people just move on and get around that. Most people, again, back to privacy or trust, our life fundamentally today, the society has formed in a way that we are so used to give away that trust. That's just how we function today, right? Okay, fair enough. I don't think five years, you know, the human society is going to change that dramatically, right? But a different group of users will care about that a lot fundamentally, which are the AI agents. Aliens. Okay. And I do firmly believe that. So I do think DID will happen because I also have a very aggressive view of, you know, where we are in five years in terms of, you know, how much of the economy is agents driven rather than human driven. I think, you know, the more than half or the majority of the economy in five years will be agent driven. And for them, permissionlessness and trustlessness are actual fundamental necessities. So I think things like DID and, you know, streaming payments or, you know, all the fractionalized, digitalized payments are very much needed because they need that. I actually think most human consumers, maybe high networks do, maybe- So AI is going to need crypto. AI will need crypto. And the crypto utilities will happen because agents need them rather than human consumers need them. So five years from now, you think there's going to be a lot of crypto use, but mostly AI agents using the crypto. Yes. And we will benefit from that because they, at least in my view, will be the majority of the economy. Henry, what do you think? Yeah, it's hard to disagree against that. I think it might happen faster than five years in some form or another. When we go back to talk about currencies, right, the currency that transacts at an AI agent level is crypto. It's not fiat. Human beings are definitely fiat currencies. We created the fiat currency. We are bound by the flaws of the fiat currency. But I think AI agents, they're silicon beings. They're not human beings. And that's the official currency of the silicon world, right? And that's going to be how they interact because programmable money, it's like programmable intelligence. It has to go together. I don't know whether to be scared or impressed. I've got to say- I think we just got to embrace it. It's going to happen one way or the other. Yeah. You know, it seems realistic enough. And then the question is, what are they going to be paying in? Is Dogecoin going to be the currency of choice for the AI overlords? They're going to- What is interesting here is, in the concept, is how value is represented. It's the fact that it's digitally represented, it's therefore programmable, and then it can be used, you know, by digital agents. But then what do you put in the bucket of value? That depends, right? But I don't think that the fact that it's digitally represented doesn't change what you attribute value to. And that remains, I guess, scarcity, potential users, and so on and so forth. And so I don't think that because something can be digitally represented, all of a sudden the sense of community that you may have in a meme coin is going to be the source of value that you want to transact with. I personally don't think so. But what's interesting is that it's digital. Yeah, I would see you agree. I mean, I can't imagine AI agents, at least much more sophisticated ones, are going to be valuing tokens the same way that today an average crypto investor would, right? Looking at the number of people in a telegram group and using that as a proxy for determining the potential value of something. If I was an AI agent, I wouldn't think that way. But actually, you know, Kevin, you mentioned how you see value, right? I'm a big believer in value. I actually think, you know, this is what our industry need now. We need to return to value, return to long termness. But on the other hand, you can't deny liquidity and hyper-financialization, again, brings liquidity. Liquidity adds value by itself, right? Something that's much more liquid intrinsically has higher value than the same thing that's much less liquid. You're saying you pay a premium for liquidity. And that premium is not small in today's world. In today's world, if you have liquidity, it means the exchange of information is going to be a lot faster. Because whenever you make a transaction, you're exchanging, essentially you're exchanging data, right? The currency you pay, whether that's fiat or, you know, Bitcoin, Ethereum, whatsoever, right? Is the data of some future spending power, right? And you get something in return, right? So I actually think, you know, the hyper-financialization is natural because we're already living in a society that's more and more digitalized. And as things are digitalized, back to what you said, right? We are not used to price them because they used to be somewhat valuable, but they were not liquid. But now they are both valuable and, you know, they're liquid, right? We're forced to price them 24-7. We're forced to transact them 24-7 in a programmable way. So, you know, back to what you said, I mean, whether meme coin whatsoever, right? I do understand today the trading mechanism or, you know, the liquidity distribution mechanism or meme coin is probably fraud. And it has a lot to be... Alright, well that's a whole other panel discussion, okay? That's true. One thing is, and believe me, liquidity is my business, so I agree that it has value. But I think that what liquidity gives you is the ability to transact easily, right? So all other things being equal, something that is easily transactable is going to have more value. But if you have something that you don't even want to transact with in the first place because it's absolutely useless, liquidity doesn't make it, doesn't give it use. Well, as long as there's one person in the whole world who want to buy something, it has value, right? You have to agree with that. But I think that if you have all other things being equal, liquidity adds additional value. Yes. But it doesn't create value out of the air. It's why my plane ticket costs more if it's refundable than if it's not. Exactly. But if you don't have a plane ticket and you have just a horse ticket or whatever, the fact that it's liquid doesn't make it valuable to you if you want to go back to the US, right? No question about that. Okay. So let's go back to the topic here for a moment, guys. Five years from now, how many people, people, we've already kind of measured it at about a billion or fewer, will have crypto in their portfolios or will be using crypto in some way? Throw a number out there. Kevin, starting with you. What's the number on traditional assets today? Probably like 30% of the world? Like if I take my reasoning, I guess in five years we're going to have what people are claiming we have today. So with that, I could go with 700 million, which is 10%. I do think it's going to be higher than that, so I would go with 25%, 30%. So 2 billion. Excellent. There you go. Michael? I actually think it's going to be a larger number than people who have financial access today. Because one, like Henry said, a lot of the financial services we use today, I do think they'll be tokenized. Whether we call it crypto or not, in five years, I don't know. But I do think they will be tokenized in some form. And then secondly, of course, you add more access to people who are unbanked. Again, one of the crypto resources is to bank the unbanked. So a lot of the unbanked today are already being banked by crypto. So I actually think the number is going to be larger than whatever number is today for the whole financial services use base. And Henry? We always go by base cases. So my hope is the base cases, one to five percent, interact with it directly, knowingly. 10 to 20 to 25 percent are indirectly accessing services. Well, then it does seem like it's still early innings over here. Gentlemen, thank you very much for talking about the future of crypto. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thanks everyone. Thank you. Thanks everyone.