 Hello, everyone. I'm Ming, and I'm the co-founder and CTO of ZeroG. So here I'm going to talk about how ZeroG paving the path to the decentralized and scalable AI. So we think that the biggest AI problem so far is, although it is more and more powerful, but it is also controlled by the centralized monopoly. So there's no transparency where how these models can be trained, and there's no trust whether this AI model can be aligned with human intention of value. And also there could be some unfair attribution of the reward that the model can create. And so we're trying to solve this problem by making all the pipeline, all the stages of the pipeline of AI onto the chain. So in the AI pipeline, we have this data collection and data labeling and processing. And also we have this data storage, data infrastructure, and also execution, computation power stuff. And for the application side, we have the agent and decentralized applications. So we want to make all these stages can be transparent and immutable, traceable, and can have the provenance of this data generation so that we can redistribute the reward generated by the AI model to the original contributors. So yeah, so this is the elements that the different stages can have. And we can certainly have incentives to distribute it to all the participants to make it a more fair place. But the biggest challenge so far, we think that is the scalability, verifiability, and also the data privacy. So here, I will emphasize the scalability part. So because if we look at the scalability challenge, and we can see that the model and all the data, and also the user volume are super, super large in the Web 2 scenario. But how we can support such kind of skill in the Web 3 area. So then, so our Zero-G actually provides the solution on the storage and also the computation side. And on the storage side, we provide a decentralized storage network that can introduce a lot of innovative sharding mechanism. And also on the computation side, we introduce some verifiability through the, we support the verifiability of different technologies like TE and DK kind of stuff. And we build a middle layer that can connect to the trusted service provider to the users. And then we also build some computation middleware that can at the same time improve the efficiency. So here is an overview of the architecture that, what we are building. And we identify us as a decentralized AI operating system because we actually help the applications to manage all the decentralized storage and the computation resources. Just like how operating system help the application to manage the CPU memory and the storage and disk. So we have a, our own chain and associated with the storage network and the compute network. And on top of that, we build a service marketplace to incentivize all these decentralized participants. So this is a more, better illustration of our architecture. So I will use agent as an example. So we can assume that the model of the agent can be stored in our decentralized, decentralized storage network. And when the agent starts and the model can be loaded into the computation node and which is organized in the computing network. And then this model serving can be provided to the users in a verifiable way. And then our, the agent can also use our, the, the, the fun tuning functionality, decentralized the fun tuning functionality provided by our compute network. And so we, yeah, ensure this loop to be, can be secured. And then we also want to bond the agent with a NFT. So that's the agent with this intelligence can be treatable, transferable and treatable so that we can build a agent marketplace for it. Just like the open sea for the traditional NFT. But we cannot use the existing NFT standard because the intelligence, the model, the memory and character of agent must, should be stored in the privacy preserving way. So that we design a protocol to allow users to transfer this NFT in, with a privacy preserving fashion. So here is a, um, example, a demo page that we are building the agent platform and allows users to create, customize their own agent and, uh, and bond the agent with NFT. And then we target to build a agent marketplace in our, uh, next step in our roadmap. Okay. So this is, uh, all I want to talk about. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much.