 Hi, good morning, everyone. My name is Maria and I'm one of the general partners at a crypto focused VC firm called Electric Capital and we're going to be talking about a really important topic today, which is what are all the developers doing in crypto? Every year we put out a report called the developer report. This is our sixth year doing it. Just some quick notes on methodology. In order to create this report, we look at over 900 million code commits across over a million code repositories. And a really important caveat here is that we only look at open source code. So this means that Coinbase developers are not included. Binance developers are not included. So something really important to keep in mind as we go through a bunch of numbers very, very quickly. But open source code gives us a really important insight into the trend lines in crypto and what people are working on. Some of the most important projects in crypto are open source. Bitcoin is, of course, open source. Ethereum is open source. And so, again, treat these numbers as trend lines in terms of what all of the open source infrastructure and developers are doing. Electric Capital, as I mentioned, is a crypto focused VC firm. One of our really unique aspects is most of our team members are engineers or people who have started companies before, which is why back in 2018, we started gathering this data on open source crypto. Developers are near and dear to our heart. I have a technical background as well and built a company before working at Electric. So without further ado, let's get into some charts. As of end of 2024, there were 23,613 monthly active developers working in crypto. Again, this is open source developers. Developers fell 7% over the course of 2024, which is pretty typical. I would say this kind of netted out flat slash slightly down. But I think what's really remarkable is when you take a step back and look at how much developers have changed since 2015. Crypto developers grew at what I find is a staggering 39% annualized since 2015. And, of course, we can never forget that in 2009, we only started with one developer, who's Satoshi, who built Bitcoin. And 2015 is, of course, when Ethereum launched. At that point in 2015, we had 1,000 monthly active developers. So, again, really remarkable to see the growth of open source developers in crypto. Since 2015, a lot has changed. Most notably, the way that crypto developers are now distributed across the world has shifted dramatically. And so, most notably, you'll see that Asia, Europe, and North America are the largest crypto hubs, with Asia being number one. And this is a very, very recent phenomenon, because you can see that traditionally, Europe and North America has the majority of developer mindshare. And, of course, now 32% of developers come from Asia, or one in three developers. North America, in the same time frame, fell from number one to number three. So, what are these developers working on? Let's break this down by region. Ethereum is the number one ecosystem on every continent. And by Ethereum, here we mean Ethereum mainnet, as well as any L2s that settle to Ethereum. So, this includes optimism, arbitrary on base, etc. Ethereum is the most popular open source project that people work on around the globe. And this is fairly unanimous across all continents. Solana is the number two ecosystem on every single continent. And this is fairly unanimous as well. I think it's really important and interesting to note here that in Asia, number one and number two is really just a difference of a hairline here. And then the number three spot is a little bit up for grabs. Polybon, Polkadot, Base, and some others are number three, depending on the region of the world. So, now let's look at new developers by continent. New developers tend to be hackathon participants. They can be students exploring the ecosystem. They can be developers poking their heads in. It gives us a real sense of where developers are landing when they first enter crypto. The majority of new developers now live in Asia. 41% of new crypto developers are from Asia. And this is a very dramatic difference if you compare Asia with Europe or North America. North America is at 19%. Europe is at 26%. And again, Asia is at 41% of new developers. And which countries have the most crypto developers? I'll go over here because this is a clearer line. The U.S. is the number one country for crypto developers. But again, you can see how that share of crypto developers has been in stark decline since 2015. The U.S. started at 38% and is now at 19%. India, meanwhile, grew from 1% in 2015 to 12%. And now India is the number two country for crypto developers. By country, Ethereum is number one. U.S., U.K., in the U.S., U.K., Canada, and China. Solana is the number one ecosystem in India. Base, Polygon, Polkadot, and Near are the number three ecosystems, depending on which country you're in. And so now, again, looking at new developers, India is actually the number one country right now for new developers entering crypto. 17% of new developers from 2024 actually came from India. And in 2023, India surpassed the U.S. for the first time to become the number one country for new developers. A lot of this data lives at developerreport.com, so there's a QR code if you want to scan and search by region. We look at every single country, and you can get a sense there. But let's move in a little bit more to some of these new developers. 39,148 new developers explored crypto over the course of 2024. This means that about 3,000 new devs explored crypto every single month in 2024. And Solana became the number one ecosystem for new developers as of July 2024. So this is a chart that looks at monthly active new crypto developers. Again, new open source crypto developers. And the blue line that's kind of consistently on top of everyone else, that's Ethereum. And the green line is Solana, and that's where you see Solana surpassing Ethereum in July of 2024 for monthly active new developers. Over the course of 2024, Solana was the number one ecosystem for new devs. Again, I think it's really important to understand and appreciate the nuance of what it means to be a new developer. New developers actually do not contribute most of the code. New developers tend to be hackathon developers. They tend to be people trying things out. So really, it's an indication of new interest. And most of the core developments, most of the commits, most of the code being written in the ecosystem is not by new developers. ICP, Aptos-based, Bitcoin, SWE, Near, Polkadot, Polygon, and StarkNet all had over 1,000 new developers in 2024. So I think what's really interesting here, again, is there's a fairly large torso for new developers here as well. Again, all of these slides are on developerreport.com. There's over 200 slides in the report, a lot to look at. One of the things that we really tried to do this year is to look at some of the core use cases in crypto as well. And so just in the interest of time, I will go through an abbreviated section on DeFi because I think this really showcases how different chains maybe excel at different things. And depending on what you choose to measure, who comes out on top differs very significantly. But first, looking at the number of developers in DeFi, 3,532 monthly active developers work in open source DeFi, which has grown 26% annualized since DeFi summer. DeFi developers fell 5% over 2024. Again, fairly consistent with the overall development of crypto developers. This is really interesting. 53% of all DeFi developers work on Ethereum and its L2s. So this shows the share of DeFi developers. And you can see that Ethereum was consistently... Let me see if I can go back. I can't go back. But Ethereum had most of the developers. Now it has 53%. And Ethereum also dominates in terms of TVL, not just developers. I think this probably comes as no surprise for people, but Ethereum TVL is at least seven times bigger than that of the next biggest chain, which is Solana. And Ethereum has really been able to maintain its dominance in DeFi over the long haul. It's been home to over 64% of TVL since 2022. But that being said, TVL on non-Ethereum chains has pushed from 3% to 36% in the last three years. And most of that, again, coming from Solana, which is the green area on top over here. So remember when I said different metrics matter depending on... Different chains come out on top depending on which metrics you look at. So TVL is a really, really important metric, but it really shouldn't be the only metric that we look at. Another way to look at it is through transactions or the number of active wallets. And a great way of doing that is through DEXs because DEXs is one of the first things that people do. Doing a swap is one of the first on-chain actions for people when they first use crypto. So DEXs have more unique addresses transacting than lending, which has more TVL. So what we're looking at here, this light blue, is the number of wallet addresses transacting across all DEXs. And lending is the number of active wallets. This is just to show that even though lending's TVL is much, much higher than that of DEXs, DEXs have way more activity when you look at the angle of active wallets. DEX volume almost doubled in 2024 to $209 billion a month, which, again, is really the staggering, mind-blowing number. I entered crypto in 2018, and Uniswap had just launched. And so it's just crazy to me that now we're looking at over $200 billion volume per month on DEXs. Solana and Ethereum settle $568 billion each, over $568 billion each, which is more than 2x the next biggest chain by DEX volume. And when we talk about Ethereum here, we're talking about Ethereum mainnet. But when you do actually include all of the L2s on Ethereum, then all of a sudden the Ethereum ecosystem as a whole collectively settled $931 billion index transaction volume. So more than Solana on its own. Trades have tripled over the last year from $188 million in January to $646 million in October. This is the number of transactions in millions. Again, if you look at the number of transactions here, Solana comes out on top. Solana is the green number. Base is number two. But Solana is by far the largest when you look at transactions on DEXs. 81% of DEX transactions come from Solana. And 1.7 million unique wallets transacted on Solana by the end of 2024, which is 7x more than the next biggest chain. Base has the second most number, highest number of unique wallets trading on DEXs outside of Solana. I think what's really interesting about this dynamic is Ethereum mainnet is able to attract an incredible amount of both developers and TVL, but it's losing out on these low transaction use cases, cheap use cases, where people are doing a lot of transactions very, very quickly. And you can see how Solana is winning in that sector. But Base is keeping the Ethereum ecosystem very, very competitive as well. There are a lot of unique wallets and a lot of transactions happening on Base. And just to corroborate that point, you can see that Solana and Base are used mostly for small transactions. So again, when people are doing something really fast, they want to do something really cheaply, they tend to do that on Solana and Base. Whereas Ethereum is mainly used for high-value transfers. That certainly has something to do with the gas fees on Ethereum, but I think also speaks to the level of security that Ethereum has as well, where it's suitable for a different set of use cases. The last thing I'll show is something really cool, which is we look at all of the DEX transactions, and we look at what time zone they're active in. And that gives us a glimpse into where in the world they are active. So right off the bat, I think one really cool thing to show is that DEX transactions are active at all hours around the globe. So there's no dead zone in terms of transactions not happening. So DEXs, DeFi, really is just a global phenomenon. Everyone is active at all hours. But some people are more active than others. You can see this DEX transaction increasing during workday hours in North America and South America. And if we split this global activity by chain, you also see some really interesting things. So the flatter the activity, the more it's distributed globally. And so you can see how Solana and... Sorry, Ethereum and Solana here are kind of the flattest lines. Base is also quite flat in the background, which means that their DEX users are likely distributed across the globe and fairly evenly distributed across the globe in order to produce this sort of flat line. So that's all I have on time. But thank you so much for listening in and looking at all these charts. You can find more at developereport.com. Thank you again.