Open-API
强調定義 - 實際使用 - github 實際案例 的部分
（repo 實作-心得）maven 去  aws 寫出來東西怎麽回去驗證

，參與情況- 
專案看到的 有興趣的 -api - openapi 怎麽定參與有
怎麽寫的 test 學起來 寫 secama 重複使用· 後端怎麽跟著opaen api 這 後端怎麽做，測試ui定 發現了一個issum delete 之前發現了這個問題~

*讓看報告的人看到那個、系統分析是怎麽做的分析清楚~

影片鏈接
分類
-----------------
内文翻譯為中文~
摘要 4~50字
--------------
請LLM 整理
GMMN key 模型 

輸出 ：DB 位置
輸入： DB 怎麽存入  

 My name is Alex Reinhardt. I'm a serial entrepreneur, investor, founder of many projects. And today we are here not to catch money or asking for investors or looking for some support. Today we are here like investors, like developers, and to invite also projects to support fundamental growth of the blockchain. Because guys, you know, the market, the crypto market right now is in a revolution stage. It means that, yeah, you can see what's happening on the blockchain market right now. The alt season is out. Meme coins rocking everyone. Presidents of big countries starting on meme coins. And altcoins are very down all the time and nobody can understand anything because there's nothing the same today like it was before. And it means the big, big crypto revolution is coming. Right now we have projects on the market on the one side who are fighting for fundamental business. And on the other side, they are just playing some games and trying just to collect money in the NFTs or meme coins or futures. And everything is one big, very interesting, but not really profitable game. And we are here. If we can see on the market, the market is growing. The number of projects is growing. Capitalization is growing. But there's very low number of real business behind. Because, of course, we can play games and do a little bit gambling with cryptocurrency. But normal people need more business in the background where you can earn long term, stable money. Where you can not only win something to lose it later, where you can really create assets, where you really can create wealth. And one of the fundamental business, of course, is mining. And yeah, mining is, I think this is a base of all the crypto market, especially mining of Bitcoin. And yeah, normally all the fundamental projects, they focusing on the Bitcoin growth of the development of the Bitcoin. And the main coins on the market, they just following the trend. If the Bitcoin is going up, everyone going up. If Bitcoin goes down, everyone goes down. But for real investors and experts, this is not very interesting to invest in coins who are just following the trend. Because why to invest in these coins? You can straight invest in Bitcoin. They are all looking for cryptocurrencies who are not following the trend. Who can just explode and just can change the trend or they are following their own trend. These are opportunities where investors are looking for and the same opportunities we are looking for. Yeah, for projects who are able to survive in this very strong competition and offering really fundamental technology, ecosystem, idea. So if you have projects like this behind, we have our Ultima chain stand. Just come to our stand, let know each other and find the communication. And maybe something very interesting will happen. So we with Ultima creating also very big and strong fundamental ecosystem and fundamental project. And our goal is to combine mining, staking and we have invented additional way of business named splitting. Maybe you have never heard about splitting before. But this is very interesting technology where people can just generate their assets on the smartphone just with one click. Because, you know, the cryptocurrency is pretty difficult business. Very risky. You need very strong nerves. Yeah, you need to stay calm and you have to adopt any stress on the market. To balance any stress on the market. And the splitting technology is something what you can apply by everyone's normal and regular purpose. You don't need a special education for this. You don't need a special knowledge. You just need a little bit of time a day, maybe three to five minutes just to click the button. What is splitting and what's Ultima standing for? The Ultima is supporting the combination of mining, staking and splitting. It means it creating the absolutely full stage of business. What everyone can do just from home. This is very energy friendly. This is combined with lifetime rewards. It's very important and very easy to use by just clicking off one button. So, how it's working. It was created a liquidity pool in the blockchain. And this liquidity pool you just need to contact one time a day to get daily rewards. If you get these daily rewards, you can use them every day by exchanging on the exchange, by buying products, by uploading your card, by refreezing it again, to send it to staking, to use it by voting. Same like Tron doing by selling your energy resources or bandwidth resources on market. So, many, many use cases are given on the Ultima chain. This is very easy. This is very easy to use. You just have to freeze your coin and just click your button after 24 hours. And then everything in the background will be done automatically by blockchain itself. So, we have already many, many users. They clicking every day. And if they... Why it's important to click in our ecosystem to produce transactions. You produce transaction, you burn gas, you freeze coins, you create demand, create liquidity. The price is growing. Just you know, if you go and right now to coin market cap, you will see incredible price. The Ultima coin is... The price of Ultima coin right now is rent about $20,000. Not 20 cents. Not $2. Not $200. Not $2,000. Not $2,000. $20,000 is the price of Ultima coin right now. So, and the project is already more than two years on the market. The technology will be used already by hundreds and thousands of people. And till end of this year, we're expecting minimum 3 million users. Who are using this project together with us. The same technology what we're using here, we are ready to share with other projects. That everyone can repeat the success of Ultima on his own product, on his own coin. And that everyone can apply the same technology for his own asset. Because the way is very easy. Just freeze, just click, just take reward and take benefit. Yeah, this is the way. Yeah, you just request the reward and receive the reward real time immediately. It's taking just a few seconds. Yeah, the Ultima blockchain is running right now. So the Ultima chain is running not so long before we was working on different blockchain just because the Ultima was just a token. Now it became to a coin, to the mother coin. And of course, can be used as the gas fee, can be used for staking, for voting and promising pretty good rewards every day. Yeah, the Ultima coin was created for math adoption. It was created for easy usage. And especially, this should be an example how you can build up with your project, with your asset, really fundamental technology, fundamental business. Because behind Ultima, it's not just the ecosystem, not just a coin. This is really fundamental business with debit cards, with hardware wallet, with marketplace, with more than 7 million goods on it, with freezing programs, with exchanges and of course, splitting technology and daily rewards. Yeah, this is again how it's working. And this procedure you can apply on any token. Ultima is just an example. If you have any token and maybe you are in trouble, maybe you were pumped and now you are dumped and very low price. Then by applying of our technology, you can push your asset, push your token very high. And not like a pump, you can do it on a very logical, natural way and without any manipulation. Because this is the technology behind. You have only to create your own split. Your users have to freeze it, have to click it every day and have to take the reward daily. And so they will fall in love with your token and your community will grow so much more. In our ecosystem, we have a lot of projects and products. This is just a couple of them. We have our own wallets, we have our own marketplaces with millions of goods. We have our hardware wallets, our own debit card in physical and plastic in virtual version too. We have also our staking technology, pools, liquidity pools. And of course, marketplace for resources. Same like Drone Energy for example, where you can really profitable in real time, sell your energy, sell your bandwidth. Where you can create really business behind. And yeah, this is the most important. Not only play the gambling game in the cryptocurrency market. This is very important also to create fundamental business. What you can run for years and not only for days or months. So about Ultima chain, it's not much to say. We are strictly, we have really strictly limited coin supply. We have smart contracts inside. The Ultima chain is running on delegated proof of stake technology. It's around about 2 to 3 seconds what will be needed to create a block. It's up to minimum 2,000 transactions per second. So very fast and very useful blockchain. And of course, our technology is providing utility to normal people. Because most of them, they don't have the right education. They don't have the right skills, knowledge. They are just dreaming about to come to the market and just do something very simple. And what can be more simple than just click one button a day. It's very simple. Everyone can do this. Doesn't matter in what culture or in what country this person is. So the Ultima coin is listed also already on Gate, Maxi, BingX, Bitmark. We are preparing tier 1 exchanges also. But this is only the beginning of the project and of the project. And yeah, listed on CoinMarketCap, CoinGecko. You can see this live in your smartphone. As I told you already, yeah, to the time where the presentation was done, the price was 19,000. The highest price was 22,000. I think yesterday or two days before. Today it's 20 something. It's not so volatile a coin. It means for traders. It's also very interesting. You can predict the price development. And this should be only an example. I'm not selling you something here or I'm not advertising here the Ultima coin to buy or something. I'm not. The price is $20,000. We don't need to do this. But this should be an example how any other project can be successful on the crypto market and can survive if he applying the right strategy and right technology on his assets. So, of course, if the founder is really interested to run long term business or not only to pump the coin and then take the money and disappear in one, two weeks or months. So, yeah, the price is also very interesting after Bitcoin is the number two coin in the price growth and price development. Of course, we're still in the position 200 because 200 plus because the listing on tier one exchanges is still not happened. But we're working on it very hardly. But I think this year it will be done. We're already in discussion with tier one exchanges. So, the trick behind or the know-how behind is the market. The basement on the hyper deflation. It means that coins if they starting the rally on crypto market they producing billions of tokens. They creating crazy rates of minting or farming of cryptocurrency. And they creating very big inflation. And the inflation is the biggest enemy of the price growing. So, we apply or we applying completely different strategy. We, yeah, we applying the strategy of hyper deflation. It means that every year the number of tokens about the halving, about the special procedures getting lesser and lesser and lesser on the market. If the supply is going down, the price is growing automatically. So, this methodology we have applied around about 10 months ago. That you know, the price of Ultima coin was in June of this year just $2,000. Now, 20 and 22. It's 10x in just 10 months. Only because of this technology. And this technology we want to share with different projects. We can see a lot of them here. And I think many of them who will start the projects on our Ultima chain will succeed very fast and yeah, very big. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, I'm almost in time. And yeah, the Ultima is just more than just a cryptocurrency. This is entire ecosystem. And again, we're pretty big in Europe. We're pretty big in Latin America. We're pretty big in India. But in Asia not. And I hope that very soon I will see here not only a couple of people. I will see thousands and thousands. Normally I speak in front of 10, 15,000 people. But here I understand this is my first speech in Asia. And yeah, consensus. The Ultima is not very known here. But we will change it very soon. And I hope that next time if you see somewhere advertisement of Ultima, you're remembering me. You're remembering the chain. And you will be our guest because we will absolutely for sure come to Asia and Hong Kong especially. The next time also to next cities. So just if you're interested in cooperation, if you're looking for also investors. And if you're looking for opportunity to grow your business idea. Behind is the Ultima chain stand. So just join us and speak to my colleague, to my team. And yeah, let's stay in contact. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.