 Hi everybody. So last Viya of the day and it's David Huang. Thanks for joining us, David. Hey, nice. How are you doing today? Good. Feeling a bit cold. Okay. So Ammo, explain to us what it is. It's an AI platform for content creators. Actually, it's beyond that. So basically, Ammo speaks for the architectures for massive multi-agent online. The name actually originated from OpenAI's work on Neural MMO. So I think in essence, especially what we are doing is providing a framework that will be able to generate infinite number of agent societies and each of them with real-world utility values. So there's kind of a saying or a terminology from DeepMind called the problem problem. This is kind of... The problem problem? Yeah, problem problem. It's a good name. Yeah, I like it. So basically, what it's doing is to be able to generate infinite number of kind of the adaptive environments to unfold multi-agent to evolve within that system. So basically, what we are doing is taking this concept, but instead of thinking about creating kind of games which traditionally the multi-agent systems live with, we bring them to real-world to bring, for example, like social platforms, content platforms, and then generally being able to generate infinite number of it. And then also having kind of a user body like a personal AI agent to be able to connect in all those different pieces. So you can think of them as like a massive social platform generator, something like that. So yeah, so basically that is what we are doing. And the other part of it is making sure kind of the involvement of those environments, they are rooted with human values. So they are super aligned with the collective human feedback and also kind of tailored to each of the personal interests as well. Okay. So if I'm a user of this platform, just walk me through exactly how I would use it and what I can do. Right, I see. So basically, it's going to be composed of different kind of the AI societies or AI applications. We call them subspace. And we've launched the first subspace in cryptospace, which is to be, it's a crypto information hub, basically. We call it Fakers. And the reason it being called Fakers is that we know they actually five, around 5 billion US dollars lost due to crypto information scams every year. And this number is increasing. But this really shouldn't be the case. And that is so many fake information from real humans. And we want to turn this around to leverage multi agent systems for social good. So instead, we want to have kind of the real content, real information you can trust with fake humans, AI agents, basically. So this is kind of our first platform. And then similar kind of platforms, you can think of them as, for example, educations, even socials, and careers looking for a job, looking for a book to read, or a game to play. And there's kind of many different social platforms out there. And from a user perspective, there's going to be a personal AI agent that is going to be, we call it a user body. And basically, what this user body will do is that thinking about, you'll be exploring kind of the information for you, and it will be learning for you. So say I'm interested in quantum physics, and you kind of know about my current progress, and then while I'm away, so an imposing kind of kind of thing. The next stage information for me to digest from, and turning it into podcast or into chat, whichever format that I really like. Easy for me to digest. And also, for example, recommending me which crypto token to buy, and understand about my personal interest. So I'm not going for like 100 moonshots. Well, I would like it to happen, but I don't want to spend much time on it. And even help me to social as well. So for example, my personal AI agent is wandering around in this kind of the meta space, and come across with your personal AI agent and realize, oh, actually, I met Ben Shiller's personal AI agent. And you have so many similar interests, you probably want to get to know the owner of the other AI agent as well, and recommend friends to me. So, yeah, so basically, it's kind of a recommendation system for many things. So it's almost like sort of Facebook for AI agents. Oh, exactly. Oh, exactly. Actually, our mission is to build the future of AI human connection. And you might find it suspiciously similar to a company. Meta, basically. Yeah, their mission is to build the future of human connection, but we add the AI element to it. So I can describe what my interests are, and I can put the AI agent on to find other people with similar interests, and then we can interact. Basically, yes. Yeah. Yeah. So it's kind of a combination of recommendation and such. Yeah. But also, it's not doing everything through the AI agent, but humans can also directly interact with that. And this is something that people can already play around with our first product. So basically, it's kind of all AI-generated content on the crypto information. So it's like 100 AI influencers out there. So some of them, they are kind of scouting information about the news, and some of them looking into the on-chain data, some of them, and different angles of on-chain data as well. And some of them kind of more technical driven, so looking into the white paper and analyzing the GitHub repositories. Some of them kind of monitoring the community sentiment. And then, like, the influencers or editors, they kind of turn them into articles and posters in different personality, different styles as well. So, for example, like newsletters or charts. Yeah. So basically, that's all things. And the good thing about AI influencers versus human influencers is that we can craft it in a way that they have zero incentive to make fake information. Cheat. And the good thing about crypto is that all the truth is on chain. So there really shouldn't be kind of also so much noises out there, and as long as AI is really good at kind of pouring those on-chain data and analyzing it in a certain way, and then transform it into a format that is very easy for human to digest. digest and we want to equip people with the true information so that they can make the right decision. Right, so you mentioned crypto and using these agents to find cryptos to buy or to interact with. Just to unpack that a little bit, I mean how will this actually impact how people do crypto? I see. I think that probably from from various aspects. So the very first one is that for example like myself I'm not really a meme coin. Well I do like it but it's not my type so I'm not against it but and I'm also not looking for kind of cryptos that would go with the 100 times and jump but spend lots of energy into that and kind of undoing very on time transactions out there but I'm investing in crypto and so I'm more looking into long-term value and with utility values as well so that probably drives my attention there was more of the coins that existed for longer time and they have some kind of utility values but currently it's all buried in noises. It's very hard for me to be able to catch up with this type of news. So and I think this at least to me is the only platform. He actually recommended me to buy a few tokens and I like the choices and I benefited from it to be honest. So yeah so so that's kind of the the first thing. So we lower the barrier and the barrier of understanding about kind of a news about a token that is personalized to myself and also lower the barrier of trust as well. So because out there there's just so much different noises I don't know who to trust. Yeah. So that's kind of the first thing lower the barrier for the majority of the normal people and the new users into crypto space as well. The second one is I think you purify the information creation as well since there is a trustworthy source out there. Unless you do something like if you kind of continue create kind of the hypes or fake informations and people will make their choices. So this actually is rooted in our belief that at the very beginning so it's evolving so AI is they are evolving from collective human feedback but eventually while they are evolving create a better society that also kind of educates people or influence people that was moving towards the right direction as well. And our fundamental belief is that and probably a bit dramatic but I think it's really logical is that AI is surpassing humans in many many areas and more and more and this progress is accelerating and it seems inevitable. So they will only lead to kind of a few logical outcomes. One is potentially dominating people or eliminating humans but despite of these dystopia scenarios there is a possibility that actually it is being described in Ian Banks sci-fi so culture series which is elevating people, educating people, not educating, elevating people and then kind of helping them to achieve their fullest potential. And this is kind of the future that we want to lead to. But you know evolution is past dependent, it's never random so decisions you make, steps you take and actions you did today will pave the way for kind of which route of the future that will lead to be. So that's why we believe kind of working on AMO is deeply rooted. It's a personal thing. It's a personal thing. So we want it to happen and yeah so that's why we kind of come up with AMO and fully motivated on it. Well thanks so much for telling us about it. This is David Huang from AMO and thank you for listening. All right. Thanks everyone. Cheers.