 So I'm actually here today. I'm very thrilled and honored to be on this stage, to be speaking about how at Dimitra we're actually kickstarting. The Agri-Food Revolution with the AI and blockchain synergy. So I've been learning a lot from all of you during this amazing event, and I hope that today you can take something with your home, especially when it comes to real-world impact in terms of adoption of this kind of technology. So I'm here today to be speaking about the future of agri-food. If you're not aware of the term, it's a combination of agriculture and the food industry. So basically, why would you care? I think that's important. So I'm Carlotta Costa, currently director of ESG for Dimitra. ESG, for the people who do not know, stands for Environment, Social and Governance, and basically is just a sustainability framework. It's how we can measure, how we can have a benchmark towards monitoring and measuring what sustainability means. My background is in sustainability, cutting-edge technologies such as AI and blockchain adoption. And overall, I think it's very important to also have a background in sustainable finance when we talk about this, international development in terms of rechanneling resources from the global south to the global north. And ultimately, I think a very good push is the European Union compliance. So the fact that things are becoming mandatory nowadays. So it's not a nice-to-have, to speak about sustainability, but it's a must-have. So, why would you care? I think it's a second part that's also very important. We all eat. I love eating personally, but I think we should all care about the future of this industry, because it truly impacts everybody. Now, about Dimitra, we like to think that we want to build an all-in-one ecosystem empowering agriculture, agribusinesses, so agribusinesses, agricultural businesses around the world. But we really want to leverage web applications and use AI and satellite imagery in a way that is easily accessible to anybody on this planet. The agenda for today will go as follows. I want to explain how there is an increasing demand, so basically the problem at stake, for trust and transparency in this industry. Then, I would like to speak a little bit about blockchain and how this is really building the foundation for trust, as some of you may know, being at this event. But also, going into artificial intelligence and how we're leveraging this kind of technology within Dimitra for providing insights, clear action to stakeholders, and also streamlining ESG reporting. And ultimately, I want to explain a bit about the powerful combinations of the synergy and how we see this growing for a brighter, more sustainable future for ESG. I will leave some minutes, if you would like, at the end to ask any questions. So, let's get started. And here. I think most importantly, we should look at how consumers nowadays, at least the statistics say, that over 70% of surveyed grocery shoppers care about their ingredients wherein they buy food, and also the methods that were used to make the food available to them. Secondly, we see that food fraud is becoming bigger and bigger. And food fraud means, literally, that we cannot trust what we see and what we buy on a daily basis. Food fraud is actually projected to reach an astounding 64 billion US dollar by this year. So, it is really a massive threat. And ultimately, sustainability reporting is not a nice to have, as I mentioned before, but it's mandatory. So, it's a must-have. And all of this, we want to actually tackle at Dimitra with a very transformative approach that can leverage these technologies that I'm talking about. So, to have impact in terms of enhancing traceability and transparency along very complex agri-food supply chains. For the people who may not know, traceability is just basically the ability to track and trace all the processes and all the people that eventually contribute to a chain. So, if you're talking about chocolate, for instance, as an end product, traceability of the chocolate is everything from the cacao beans to who grows them, and how they get eventually to your retailer in your own country or where you buy the chocolate. Secondly, what we want to do is to really improve data integrity and security. We find it pivotal important. And streamlining ESG reporting processes. So, to basically have resources better allocated when people can provide us with the right data. Lastly, I think it's also important to reduce dependencies on intermediaries. We want to do this in the blockchain space. It's always a peer-to-peer network. We do not want to have intermediaries that take away the value from a given product. And this actually will lead to farmers earning a more decent income. And you may think, okay, this is very nice from a philanthropic standpoint, but it's actually very important for you as well. Because if you go to the supermarket and you will buy something that is increasingly getting more expensive, that is also because the farmers are not getting an equal pay, but all the intermediaries are. So, moving forward, if it works, yes. The next step would be talking about blockchains. How do we build the foundation for trust, tackling these kind of problems? We want to contribute to building a transparent and sustainable agri-food system, thanks to the immutability that has this important ability of ensuring that all the records are publicly available on the blockchain and, of course, immutable so they cannot change in nature. Secondly, the transparency and traceability are very important for ESG reporting nowadays. And lastly, the accountability and fraud reduction that can happen by tracking and tracing all the steps and processes from origin to destination. And again, think about any food you consume. Before you eat it, it's been going through so many stages and processes and countries and hands, and we really want to actually be able to show that transparently to the consumers. So, this is a bit more in practice because I think everything is a bit theoretical. So, this is an example of how we actually help the people in the picture in Peru to comply with the European Union deforestation-free regulation that is now mandatory. The way we did it is that we actually helped via the mobile app farmers to polygon map their farm and show that it is deforestation-free. So, now, all of a sudden, they can sell to the European market, being compliant with the law, at a very low cost for them, but that can enable them to access a premium market, while the end consumer also benefits because it can verify where their produce is coming from. In this case, your delicious coffee that goes to Germany. Moving forward, I think, again, AI is on the mouth of everybody at this event, is enriching this industry as well, and I think via insights, taking action, and streamlining ESG reporting, we see the most of it. So, when it comes to the first point, I think empowering stakeholders, in our case, it can be farmers, with all kinds of tech stacks that can enable them to use real-time insights for weather, soil, and other sorts of trends, is very important. Because, all of a sudden, they can access knowledge that was not previously available to them, just with a click, via using our apps. And secondly, the action for fraud detection and prediction. This is also strength of AI, you probably heard about it during the panels before. We can actually, internally, have trained AI models that can analyze vast amount of blockchain data, and general data, to detect anomalies. So that we can actually prevent fraudulent activities, and also make sure that the data that will eventually go onto an immutable record, or ledger, that is the blockchain, is valid, and is accountable. And lastly, the AI-powered, streamlined ESG reporting is also a very important aspect to discuss. So, I am proudly the developer of the ESG Compass at Dimitra, the company I work for, which basically has the mission to help navigate the complex landscape of evolving environment, social governance, reporting, and standards, and also just general metrics. What this platform does, is that basically, it helps people to input their own data onto the platform, and then extract what is necessary for compliance, but also publicly manifest and showcase what they're already doing good. And in the next slide, I will also explain a little bit better in practice what we're doing in Brazil. But, when it comes to the key AI-powered features that I would like you to know about, we have the automated report generation, the identification of data inconsistencies, as I explained before, and the real-time monitoring of ESG metrics. If you just see that the glams, you can actually see that this is cutting a lot of resources out of the processes. So, it's a very efficient way, I think, to leverage artificial intelligence. And then, yes, we go to the actual case. We're working with Abra Frutas, that is the biggest fruit exporter of Brazil. They represent 85% of the country's fruit exports. And what we're doing with them, we created this seal, it's called the Frutas do Brazil ESG, whereby all of their members think of the biggest mango producer of Brazil, which is one of the biggest in the world. They're actually providing us with the data so that we can showcase what they're already doing well in terms of sustainability. And again, ESG is very broad. So, we go from water management to climate change mitigation to the welfare of their own workforce to good governance for the inclusivity they have in their boards. And basically, they can actually do now this via our technology to truly have transparent and accountable ESG metrics that are being monitored and will serve them also to comply with the European Union regulation on ESG. That is the corporate social responsibility. So, this is a bit more in practice what we do and I invite you later today, now, whenever you want to also ask me for more information. Lastly, I wanted to explain how the two combined can really give us a brighter, more sustainable future for the agri-food industry worldwide. So, by deploying this, and of course, we are not the only ones, we invite any partners who is interested in contributing to this overall mission of reshaping the global future of agri-food. But what we can say is that we definitely enhance supply chain traceability and transparency, as I hope I got across with the previous examples. We want to improve data integrity and security because, as it was mentioned in the previous panel, data is the new oil. We've been saying it for a decade, but what kind of data are we talking about? We really need to see that it is accountable, verifiable, and transparent for public records, I think. Then, streamlining ESG reporting processes. Again, not very nice to have, a must have, but since it's going to be reality, we really want to facilitate this as much as possible and make it reliable. And enabling fraud, sorry, enabling the fraud detection and so prevent fraudulent activities will be also very important. And lastly, we want to empower smallholder farmers and agribusinesses through data-driven insights. So these, in a nutshell, I think are the key advantages that our platforms can enable via this technology. And I thank you very much for your time. I will leave some time. Yes, we have five minutes if you would like to ask any questions. And I will be available now, later tonight at the after parties. I hope to see you soon and to collaborate to shape a better future for the agri-food industry. Thank you for your attention. Yes. Do we have a mic runner? Yeah. Is this? So I'm a food scientist in the food industry. I work in product development for companies like Nestle, Mondelis. Transparency is obviously really important to our consumers. And I'm wondering where and how food fraud is measured. I think you gave a number like 60 billion. Sorry. Where and how fraud is measured? Because there's a number of different steps along the way that can, where fraud can make its way in. How is that? I think you gave 60 billion as a number for food fraud. And I'm wondering where that number came from. Yeah. So the statistics was brought by McKinsey & Co. doing research on this. As you might know, the supply chain is very long and complex. So if we start in terms of fraud at the beginning, we might have smuggling, for instance, across countries. This happened with cocoa very often in West Africa, whereby we say, yes, it's coming from Ghana, but actually it's not coming from Ghana, but from a neighboring country. So in terms of origin, that would be the first step in terms of fraud, where we think we're purchasing from a country that is not the actual country that the commodity is coming from. Then if you think about compliance, when it comes to the EU, the R, so the deforestation-free regulation that farmers need to comply with, lots of them do not have the means to get to the end of the month in terms of salaries, right? Because they live below poverty line. So how are they supposed to get to have satellite imagery to detect their deforestation? So in this case, we see only at the farm level that they may lie or they may sell their produce to their neighbors to actually show that they can get at the end of the month with their customers, but not necessarily do it in a truthful manner. And that's where also Dimitra comes in, because we make it very accessible for farmers to get the app and get this satellite imagery detection that can enable them to sell eventually to a premium market. And now this is just the first mile. Then when it comes to the remaining of the supply chain, we can also see anomalies in terms of maybe the data collection that has been, even nowadays I would say, very capsiled so that sometimes we notice at the cooperative or aggregators level, people may state something that is not congruent with what is supposedly happening two steps before. And they do this not because they have malevolent intentions, but just because they lack actually the data systems and the ability to report on the actual data. So here we're talking about small marginal changes. But if we also look at the overall process, we have certificates that I'm not going to necessarily be naming. I was really standing for them a few years ago, but then I discovered that most of them follow a mass balance approach, whereby if 30% of your commodities are in line with those standards, 100% of the branding will go under that kind of label. And I think this is also fraud, because if I'm buying something that is certified fair or, yeah, I don't want to name any specifically. It doesn't mean that the whole package of coffee that I'm going to be purchasing is completely certified, right? So I think also with certificates, we're seeing a building on top, something that is actually not completely reliable. Whereas with blockchain, with different data entry points that we enable, you know, if you use IoT sensors, if you use satellite imagery, if you use auditing going to the field, because we also have trainers going and checking. And if you use blockchain, at some point, to the blockchain, the immutable ledger, you will get as much veracity as you can for the data. So does that answer your question? Because I could go on, but we can also speak about it later. I don't know if this is still... Yes. Helpful. Thank you. We still have one minute and a half. Anybody has a question? Thank you so much for that amazing presentation. Thank you. Thank you. I'm based in South Africa, and I work with rural communities and farming cooperatives. And I wanted to ask about the S in ESG as far as the social is concerned for people in the agri-food space. How your solution, you know, caters to things like digital inclusion and digital literacy. For people that don't know how to use this app, what kind of, you know, offerings or solutions you have for them? Yeah, it's a very good point. Actually, we've been talking a lot about the obstacles to mass adoption during this conference and in general blockchain web 3 spaces. And I think one of the biggest is actually UI. The friendly interface the farmers need. Most of them are illiterate and cannot read, right? So I think using lots of images, using lots of icons and making it as simple as possible is key for mass adoption when it comes to this big chunk of the population. Because we're talking about like around 600 million smallholder farmers in the world, right? You might know also in South Africa, it's quite a big chunk of the population. So when it comes to UI friendly interfaces that we come in with the app. And also yesterday I was listening to very interesting AI inclusive talk on people who are deaf or blind. And actually thanks to AI agents, and that is something we're working on, you can make it accessible for any kind of disabled people to see, to access, to this kind of services. Yeah, sorry for that. To really access these kind of services, right? Because all of a sudden they can get in their own language, in their own expression, how they should be making decisions based on the data driven instance that we want to convey via the app. So, well let's catch up later. It's a very good question actually. Thank you. I think our time is up. Thank you so much for your time. Hope to see you later. Thank you.