 We are so excited to be here. And I cannot, it's just been fabulous with consensus. So welcome everybody and thank you for being here today. First of all, I'd like to thank all of our panelists for flying from all over the parts of Asia for being here. In particular, Zhang Kuan and Hui Qing flew from Thailand as well as Malaysia specifically. So let me introduce everybody. First of all, Kun Zhang Kuan Kongso serves as the Deputy Secretary General at the Securities Exchange Commission of Thailand. And she heads up the fintech space in Thailand. May I introduce Dr. Hui Qing, Wang Hui Qing is the Executive Director of the Malaysian Securities Commission. She leads the Digital Strategy and Innovation Division for the Commission. And our own homegrown Elizabeth Wang is the Director of Licensing and the Head of the FinTech Unit, Intermediaries and Securities and Futures of the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. So our own homegrown. My name is Angelina Kuan and I am a Senior Advisor at IMC. I'm also the Chair of the Women's Foundation. And I have to tell you, this is sort of groundbreaking today. And I'm really, really happy to sort of bring this out that this is the first panel, an all-female panel, in a major crypto conference. And I would like to thank ConsenSys for actually doing this. And I would like to challenge all of you who speak at these conferences to really think about why are there not more fanals? Why are they all manals? A manal is a male, all-male panel. And a fanal is a all-female panel. But why can't we have manals and fanals merged together? So, mrrrm, annals. So, I would like for you, if you are speakers, to really shout it out and get both women and men into panels together. And why don't we start off some of the questions? All of you are very, very senior women in your respective Securities Commissions. What are some of the things that you are chewing to attract talent? And especially in your countries, you're trying to get a lot of talent coming into your countries. Jonquan, do you want to start first? What are some of the initiatives that you are doing to get women in? To get women in this business? Oh, I have to say that I have to confess that I got that from the chat GPT. Okay. That's okay. Actually, I think the things that get women in this business is that you need to stay alert, you need to educate yourself, and you need to learn more things. You need to join the network, you have to come to an event like this. If you are an introvert person, maybe you need to read the social media. You have to follow the social media. And you, you know, the most important thing is that we need someone who is ethical to run this business. So make sure that you are transparent, you are the good person. Because if you are the bad one, we don't want you in this business. That's what I think. Thank you. So. Wei Qing, what are some of the things you're doing to develop talent, especially female talent in Malaysia? So, so maybe a little bit of insight within the Securities Commission in Malaysia itself. I think there is a majority of women. In fact, we always joke that the men are actually minority in the Securities Commission. So, so we don't really have a problem in that respect. And within my team, the digital and innovation team, majority of them are women as well. So we used to have like players who are interested in entering the market and they sit across the table and they are all men. And across the table with my team, they are all women, right? And, and they always joke, oh, wow, which world do we enter into? So, so we don't really have a problem, to be honest with you. And then I look at the industry, there's a fair number of startups which are women-led as well. Angelina, you know quite a few of them from Rani. Rani. Yeah, correct. So quite a few of them are women already. And I find that a few national level initiatives are useful. There, there are women in tech, it's led by governments, it encourages a lot of women in, in young startups and entrepreneurship. So that's, that's gained a fair bit of traction. Things like, She Loves Tech, it's a global initiative, but we have a nice local chapter. So, so things like that sort of encourages. Yeah. And, and I think to your point, a lot of the women that I've encountered are not shy. I think they're bold, they, they keep themselves updated and you'd be surprised at the kind of tech talk they can do. So, so yeah. That's exactly what we need. And in Hong Kong, you've got a very, very strong female team, some of which are here today. So thank you very much for coming. How are you encouraging female talent within the commission as well as male talent? I actually haven't thought about it because I'm not from the tech background. I'm a lawyer in training. And what I see in the legal field, it's, there's a lot of women as well. I, I agree with Wei Xing that maybe it's not a big problem in Hong Kong. My team is also predominantly female. Yes. Actually the commission is also predominantly female. So again, you have, you know, the, the meetings we have, they're all men and then we're all women facing each other. But I think it's just basically just do what you want to do. Do what you're good at and be confident in yourself and go for it. So I think all women can do that and really just do what they want to do. And it doesn't, you don't have to look at whether it's tech, whether it's law, whether it's accounting. There's no gender role for any of these jobs. So yeah, I think that's basically it. So one of the things in Hong Kong that we're doing is we're running a program through the Women's Foundation called Girls Go Tech. Where we're actually going to underprivileged schools, teaching the teachers how to teach young women how to code, get them interested in programs, also working with families to actually break down the stigma of women going into technology. Because you'll be surprised, a lot of Chinese families really do not want their girls going into technology because they think it's so difficult. So these are some of the things in terms of externally that are happening in Hong Kong. And for those of you going back to your countries, talent, the race for talent, you just heard what the young lady from Electric Capital was saying. All of the countries are racing for talent. And why are we excluding a big segment of people? These are the women that can actually be coding, that can actually be working on business development and a lot of other areas. And I hope by next year, the next consensus, we will have more male and female panels working together. So we are talking to some of the best regulators around Asia. We're going to move into the regulatory topics right now. So John Kwan, you've come from a long way. And I have to say congratulations on your country. It's impressive growth on the digital asset space. You've grown to 20 licensed exchanges and your client asset increases have gone up 264 million. Yes. And you're at 26 billion now in client assets under management. What's your secret sauce? And what are your projections for Thailand for 2025? What are you doing in terms of new rules? Okay, let me give you all some background about Thailand. I think we are the very first country that have the new separate law for digital asset, to supervise the digital asset. And govern both the digital asset products like the crypto assets and also the DA business, the DA operators. And I have to say that back at that time in year 2018 that we have the new law, the investor, they want to get rich very fast. They are led by FOMO, you know. And it takes like less than five years for the number of DA account to be like far exceed the securities brokerage account, which have a long standing history of over 40 years, you know. That's very amazing. And like you just mentioned, the number of the DA operators increased very fast too. Right now it's more than 20 or something. And also the security business firm also would like to apply for this license. They want to, you know, provide the crypto trading services. But back at that time, I have to say that everyone is new. They just start the business and they are young people, you know. So as a regulator, what we would like to do is that we want to build up the, you know, strong foundation for this business because it's quite new for our country. The first thing that we have done is that we have to empower our investor to understand the risk of this asset. Because we have to, you know, I agree that the crypto asset is, yeah, is the alternative investment vehicle. It can help you diversify your portfolio. It can help you enhance return. It's another asset class. I agree with all that. But we have to admit that this product is a risky asset. It's the main purpose is for speculation. So we try to empower our investor with education, the materials and the academy or whatsoever that we could do. And for our digital asset operators, what we have done so far is that we try to require them to provide a responsible services. In the sense that they have to follow the business conduct like the KYC and suitability process. They have to explain the risks. They have to provide the knowledge, taste to the investor. They have to advise on the overall portfolio. They have to follow the advertisement and promotion guidelines to be responsible for that. And also they cannot facilitate the use of crypto as the means of payments because that impact on our financial stability. That's the thing. And the DA operator, they need to get the license. We have to take the license. We have to take the license at the moment. We have exchange license, broker, dealer, investment advisor, fund manager. And the last one is the digital asset custodian. We have six license. And to get the license in Thailand, you need to be fit and proper just like in the securities business. You need to have governance and control, the capital adequacy, adequate operating system, qualified personnel. And you've got to have client asset protection. That's the key to be ready for this business. So up to this point, I have to say that we have a really strong foundation for our digital asset business. And also for the product, we really promote the investment token. You know, we treat them the same as the IPO. The ICO is the IPO. They got to get the approval from us. They need to disclose the information so that investor can make a well informed investment decision. And we really promote this as an alternative investment vehicle and alternative fundraising vehicle, especially for the SME and start out. We have the real world asset back token like real estate back. We have the project based token. And also we're going to have the green token, the one that raised one to plant the forest and get the carbon credit for sale or for redemption. And also the soft power token, which is a token that raised funds for the music industry or the movie industry to produce the movie. This is interesting. Yes, yes. Soft power. Soft power token. We're about to have that very soon. And to answer your question about the projection, I think the three main areas that we are, what we have for that is that. The first one is that we really promote the use of technology and innovation to, you know, build up the digital economy to increase efficiency, to reduce costs and also to increase and enhance our market integrity. That's the key. The use of the technology. And the second one would be like in other country. We apply the tech neutral concept. Same activities, same risk, same rules, same regulatory outcome. That's why I told you that I treat the ICO the same as the IPO. It's the same as the security IPO. It's just the tech behind. That's it. And number three, that is the most important because right now the crypto platform is being used as a for the bad guys to, you know, for the illicit activities like scam and money laundering. And that, you know, have a huge impact on the trust and confidence of this digital asset business. So we work very hard with our operators, you know, to, to, to prevent the bad people to, you know, to get lit off those bad activities and to, you know, build up the trust and confidence of our digital asset business. That's, that's the key. Thank you. It's been so impressive. And I really like this soft power token. It sounds very, very interesting. So you've got some really innovative things that are going on. But one other thing I really think is wonderful is everybody invests where they love and what's not to have about loving Thailand or Malaysia or Hong Kong. So I think that's something really true. Yeah. Yeah. It's way, Ching. Yes. You have a developing market. Also, it's growing very quickly also, and you've got a focus on tokenization of real world assets. What are Malaysia's plans and your plans because you head up FinTech for expanding digital assets in Malaysia? What new developments and what are you anticipating launching this year? So I think like, like what everyone's going to say that there's two parts of digital assets. Even, I mean, shortly after Thailand, we came up with our own equivalent of a prescription order. So unlike some jurisdictions, we treat digital assets as securities. So we brought it within our regulatory framework immediately. And how we go about it is two things. Digital assets comprises of the cryptocurrency side of things and digital tokens, which then encompasses things like utility tokens, asset-backed tokens, etc. So our strategy is always two prong. One is to facilitate responsible access, if I may, for cryptocurrencies, right? True to what Jong Kuan said earlier, investors just went headlong into it. We have to figure out a way quite quickly to bring it within our regulatory reach to look at protecting the investors, right? So that was one aspect of things. And over the years, we now have about 16 players within the digital asset space, ranging from digital asset exchanges to digital asset custodians. Similar, we also have digital asset fund managers, so on and so forth. So that's sort of grown. But you find that there is a need to look at the ecosystem support around it, right? In fact, a lot of them are saying like banking sector support, etc. seems to be challenging. And I think it's common across different jurisdictions. So as you talk about how, I mean, growing trends of recognition by institutional investors, so on and so forth, there seems to be a need to look at how the crypto market better interfaces with the financial markets as a whole. So that means both sides of the world need to look at how they step up their understanding of each other and how both step up the degree of comfort for each other, right? I mean, in the US, institutions have led the way. BlackRock ETFs of the world have grown in light speed, you know, as far as AUM is concerned. So that goes to signal that there is going to be more integration. So I foresee in that respect, in Malaysia, there needs to be both sides of the coin, sort of coming together to build greater understanding of each other's nuances in markets, risk, and so on and so forth. So that's one aspect of things. The other aspect of things is tokenization. So that's where we talk about tokenizing securities, tokenizing real assets, so on and so forth. So in that respect, I view that within Malaysia, there is a need for a couple of things to happen. One is greater awareness about the benefits of blockchain itself and what you can push the boundaries for. So i.e. what kind of processes, what kind of players will you destruct when you look at tokenization, right? So awareness is one big thing. Last year when we did our FinTech conference, we called it SC by SC. That was great. That was so much fun. Yeah, we invited Angelina over as well. And the idea is sort of to bring such buzz within Malaysian Shores. There was a lot of showcase around what were the use case that were already done, what the benefits are, and all that. So we talked about tokenizing bonds, money markets, private funds, etc. So that was our sort of first flagship to signal to the market, look, we as regulators are interested in this space, right? So that's one. Second one is then how do you facilitate for the players to actually move forward? So in this respect, we did two things already. So we recently made amendments to our prescription order. We in fact remove securities tokens from digital assets, right? So thereby saying we're technology agnostic, i.e. we regulate tokenized bonds, like bonds. There is no difference in that respect, right? So it's no longer classified as digital assets. So it made it a lot more easier from a perception mandate perspective for institutional investors to look at tokenized assets. That's one. Second of all, we are looking to issue our own version of tokenized guidelines, right? So in order to look at how we guide the industry forward in terms of managing risk, what's our expectation risk to risk, managing those risks. So we are issuing one end of March to sort of, for consultation, to get a feel of the market and how they think about what our expectations are. So that sort of signals again to the market, hey, we're moving forward. Third of all, it's sort of catalyzing the move. So we teamed up with our sovereign wealth fund, Kazana, to look at tokenizing a short-term bond. And it is meant to look at how we can push the boundaries. So i.e. how does it impact the bond market ecosystem, right? So be it regulations, be it market. And that's something we are looking to launch by end of this year. Yeah. So yeah, a few things on this front. One last thing is we also recently issued our new sandbox guidelines. And that's meant for allowing innovative models to be operationalized. So our chairman was quite particular about it. He says this is not a sandbox where you play and you go around nowhere. He says the objective is to get them operationalized after the sandbox, right? So that's something we are actually using for tokenized business models, which today don't quite sit within our regulatory framework. So it's open on a cohort basis. We released the application literally last week. And we're open for the first cohort between mid-April to end of May. And the objective is really to see how tokenized models that does not fit within the regulatory framework can actually enter the market. Wow. Well, this is a testament that Asia is the place to be. So yesterday, Elizabeth, we had Paul Chan announcing a lot of interesting goodies. We had, this is our financial secretary, we had your boss announcing with your other boss, Eric Yip, a number of new initiatives. And Hong Kong is also enhancing its digital assets framework. And you finally get more resources, which is something that I'm so happy about. So you've also got a new blueprint and map. Do you want to talk a little bit about it? And what are other things that you and your team are actually doing for Asia Pacific? Right. So we issued a roadmap yesterday. I could give a little bit background as to why we issued a roadmap. So back in 2018, we formulated an investor protection regime governing virtual asset activities. It started off as a voluntary opt-in regime. Suffice to say that it wasn't very, you know, there wasn't a lot of participation. People were, you know, adopting a wait-and-see approach to whether they wanted to be regulated. So we thought that that wasn't really, you know, good because we have a nice regulatory framework. We set out to protect investors. Nobody's using it. So then we did a law with the government to introduce a licensing regime. So then now we mandate that virtual asset trading platforms must be licensed if they're operating in Hong Kong or they're targeting Hong Kong investors. That has gained traction. And in the interim, what we did was we also allowed our intermediaries who are already regulated by us to, you know, provide all sorts of virtual asset activities. For example, virtual asset dealing services, advisory services, fund management. It seemed like we built an ecosystem. But what we're seeing is that ultimately virtual assets are, you know, borderless. Investors in Hong Kong, they will go to overseas platforms, unregulated platforms. They won't remain in Hong Kong even if we have a really nice regime that is set out to protect them. So what we are looking at is how are we going to attract the activities back to Hong Kong? Because you have a regime, but you can't protect who you want to protect. Then that regime isn't working. So that's why we issued a roadmap. It's based on five pillars. So it's got a nice catchy name, Aspire. Yes. So it's basically access, safeguards, products, infrastructure and relationships. Yes. So those are the five pillars. And under those five pillars, we have 12 initiatives. Initiatives that we think should help in, you know, attracting liquidity to Hong Kong, attracting activities back to Hong Kong. So what we're looking at right now is, you know, compliance burdens, for example. We've heard that we've got one of the most robust regimes and robust means stringent. So we're looking at whether there's certain relaxations we can do, but we still maintain that level of investor protection that is necessary. So what we're looking at is, you know, for example, we've got stringent custody requirements, insurance requirements, hot cold wallet ratios, even, you know, the type of custody solutions that you use. We're looking at whether any enhancements, any refinements can be done. Then we're looking at whether our trading platforms can provide more services and products. So right now they're only providing spot services and custody services. And we know these aren't really, you know, profit making businesses. So we're looking at, you know, whether they can do staking, whether they're allowed to do virtual asset derivatives, maybe provide to professional investors first. And then we're looking at, you know, lending and borrowing. So for staking, it's actually, there's a knock on effect because if we allow our platforms to do staking, it means that we will also allow our ETFs to do staking. So that's how we're trying to build up the ecosystem. In relation to access, I think what we're trying to do is that we want to expand the licensing framework so that more activities are regulated in Hong Kong, which means that more activities fall under our regulatory remit and we have more visibility. We can attract them to be regulated and to conduct proper business in Hong Kong. So we're working with the government on the OTC trading regime. We're working with them on the custodian regime because ultimately the most important thing is that client assets are properly safeguarded and segregated. So these are the initiatives we're working on. We've issued the roadmap. We do hope to get some feedback so that we can prioritize, you know, which initiatives we should be doing first, which ones are more difficult and needs more deliberation and we can properly time, you know, check how we should be doing it. And we just hope that time to market is fast and also that it's what the industry wants. But then, of course, as a regulator, we will still keep our benchmarks of investor protection. And what was so exciting yesterday and so important is liquidity, liquidity, liquidity. And that's something that I think all regulators are thinking about now, which is a real sea change that's going to just vault this whole industry forward. So just quickly, we have a number of developments in all of your countries. And how important is regional cooperation? Now that I've gotten you all together, I expect you guys to be on the phone all the time, please. But what about a passport? What about harmonization? What about working together to have rules that are consistent? So I've got the Hong Kong license. I can get the Thai license. I've got the Thai license. I can get a Malaysian license. Or let's offer all four. Any thoughts about that in terms of harmonization or moves to do that? Maybe I start first? Sure, please. So Hong Kong is part of the IOSCO FinTech Task Force. We're a steering group member. And at the FinTech Task Force, we deliberate on principles that should apply globally in relation to crypto asset regulations. I think we're getting there. IOSCO issued the principles in 2023, actually. And it's really basically same business, same risk, same rules. You should be applying what you apply in the securities market to the virtual asset market. And I'm happy to see that so many jurisdictions are doing the same thing, especially in Asia. I think we're getting there. And if we are able to harmonize, then it means that there's less regulatory arbitrage. Because as I mentioned just now, virtual assets are borderless. So investors can choose to go anywhere they want to. So it's very important that we reach that convergence and we cooperate with each other. So that all unregulated platforms one day will all become regulated, meet the same benchmarks, and they will not be in a level playing field anymore. Exactly. We are members of IOSCO together with all our fellow regulators here. And I think what you brought up is a good point, convergence. I think over 2017 up to 2019 or 2020 even, different regulators have sort of taken different approaches and timing of regulation coming at different times. But since FSB, the Financial Stability Board, as well as IOSCO have come out with their policy recommendations, I think what we're seeing is a lot more convergence. There could be some slight nuances like how crypto is actually treated, some as commodities, some as payments, some as securities. But notwithstanding, the actual regulations in terms of conduct and all are standardizing, can I say. So it's a lot easier than to talk about being interoperable across markets. Interoperability is very important. Jonkwon? Just to add a very few, actually I think that collaboration is needed. I agree with you because we need to the level of playing field, we need to reduce the regulatory arbitrage. And I think that we need to share information in the sense that we need to, you know, something that we miss out, we need to know. We want to learn from other country and what we have missed out, what we should concern about, that's what the collaboration is needed. And also because the digital asset operators, they can work anywhere in this world, maybe in your country. And if there's something go wrong in any country, you know, we need to know, we need to exchange information so that we can, you know, do something about other people too. Yeah. So, unfortunately, I could have had another hour to talk about Asia regulation panel, but we're running out of time right now. So, I would like to first off, thank you all for an amazing conversation here. And thank you for flying over here from your different countries. Pleasure. I'm going to take one second more. Your prediction for this year. Anything. What do you predict this year? Quick one. Just at the top of your head. Oh, I would think you see greater integration between the crypto market and the traditional market. Traditional market. I agree. Real asset-backed token. That's what I think. Asset-backed tokens. Yes. Got it. I agree with the integration between TradFi and virtual assets. So do I. Guys, can we give a round of applause to our panel today? And thank you so much for coming today. And thank you for being here and contributing. Please take this opportunity to meet these amazing women. And please, for those of you who have the power to set up a panel, make sure it's an even panel of males and females in our structure. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to tip history with you. You know, that the great thing you think it's enough to me will take us to meet our guests as an individual or an individual, people them, right? And I'll see you there. I'll see you in the next video. I'm going to shake the day available and then тебе just put this out to your boss today. I'm going to let you put the person on their site yes. I'm working as a client. I'm going to reverse everything is, to teat allため. And also, your credit card is really nice. And language is really nice. And we can fit two to eight to each other. Yeah, the best guard is perfect. Because there is the peer how are we going to put tools from. All night. And we can also make a couple case terrible as some tomatoes by chance.