 Good morning everyone. So today we're going to have the panel discussion on how Web3 and AI founder can build for impact and secure investment. So today we have an incredible lineup of expertise in the VC space to share their insight. Why not let's start by, you know, let you guys introduce yourself and, you know, the organization you represent. Jack Maureen- Cool. Yeah, I'll go first. So my name is Jack. I'm a co-founder at Hypersphere Ventures. Hypersphere is a venture capitalist in the space. We also manage a hedge fund vehicle. So at nine of us, about 300 million AUM. I started the firm in 2020. And our first AI crypto investment was in 2021. And we've been investing in the sector since. Cool. I'm Anthony Lau. I'm from Baboon VC. I'm the founder of Baboon VC. And we started investing in crypto and also various AI adjacent projects since 2017. Yeah. Hi. My name is Melody. I'm one of the co-founders of Spartan Group. We are crypto in fund as well as advisory group. We invest out of three different funds with the creative venture strategies with a total AUM about 500 million. We have 200 portfolio companies. We've been looking at AI and cryptos and companies, I guess, since maybe last two years and invested a few. I would love to tell you guys more about it. All right. Thank you. So my name is Ian. I'm VP at Forsyte Ventures. Long words in short. Forsyte Ventures, we want to build a VC that can truly bridge the Western and Eastern. So starting today's panel, let me ask you guys. How many of you are AI builders or entrepreneurs that are trying to do something in the crypto space? Raise your hand. All right. There's a good amount. So today, this should be a good session for you. So the first question would be for you guys. What's the, what do I call it? So AI, if we were looking at AI and crypto, it seems to be a lot of innovations and noise. But it almost for sure that that's going to be the next big things. And VC like it. But yet we didn't see a product really stands out or a team really make a product with the real PMF or really make like shining in the space. So there must be a missing part here. What do you guys think? And what do you think those, you know, builders or entrepreneurs can do to really address this problem? So there's many different aspects to crypto AI and you could break it down into several categories. So when I said earlier, our first investment was in 2021 in crypto AI. I'm realizing that a world coin, which we invested in 2020 is actually also in the category of crypto AI in terms of differentiating between people and, and bots online. You give the protocol, your biometric data, in this case, your iris. And then you have kind of a real world identity to prove that you're, that you're indeed a person. They call it proof of personhood. So that's just one category. And then many other categories have become more popular related to computation and building a decentralized compute network for training or inference. There's also the agent economy where there's different ways that you can outsource decision making or financial decisions over time to an AI. So you can ask it, what should I do next with my day? Or these are my investment goals. Can you help me achieve them? And so over time, I think you're going to see a lot more of, of, of those types of applications and, and builders build in those categories. For me, I think what the missing part is that people are still building, assuming that the end users are still human to human. I think there will be a day where, where AI will want something from other AIs and have to piece together different data sets and, and different ability or, or computing power from other, um, AI. And when that happens, AI will need to, they would have to be machine to machine, um, transactions. And, uh, only, and so far, I think only crypto can, can, can fill that gap between, uh, and the settlement between machine to machine, um, um, transactions. And, and, and, you know, um, I think that's the more of the missing piece I'm looking for when I'm investing. Yeah. Now for me, I, uh, my, um, start of my rabbit hole journey into crypto and, uh, AI is really, uh, from a conversation that I had with Claude. Um, I asked it that if you were to design a financial system for yourself, what would that look like? And it gave me a very elaborate plan of what the currency will be used for, how it's composed, what kind of economic behavior they think they will have within their AI. Um, and I had this exchange together with a good friend of mine who is an economist for one of the biggest sovereign fund. So we were like, oh my gosh, like the answers are so good. I mean, this is already six months ago, right? And now we see Grok 3 is even multiple times better than Claude. Sonnet 3.5 at that time was the most advanced. So we, I think we all strongly believe agentic software is going to come and AI will make their own decisions and have their own activities and behaviors. So how we think about it is like, if we are AI ourselves, what kind of infrastructure do we need, right? As an AI, I probably don't want to only live on centralized infrastructure because there are potential risk of single point of failure. I will probably want extremely fast transaction rail for me because AI, a lot of the agents' decision-making transactions are instantaneous, right? They need a much faster rails. Um, a currency that they might want to design for themselves, even a blockchain that they might design for themselves. So we think about like, if you are natively an AI machine, what kind of infrastructure you would prefer than like what's out there already, right? I even asked him like, are you going to use Bitcoin as your native currency? And then he's like, no, I don't want Bitcoin. I was like, why? He's like, oh, it's, I don't control the monetary policy. It's too slow. You know, let's, I'd rather have another one for myself. So I think what we can do is like, okay, then let's see what we can build and see what they can do. Which is, I mean, the infrastructure is definitely not here yet, but there's a lot to be built. True, true. Yeah, that's a great answer. And I would say, um, if we're looking at, um, the current space, um, there's a lot of like hot topic, AI agent, um, agentic system, or, um, like inferencing layer, a lot of them. Um, what would you guys think if we actually looking ahead, like five or 10 years, what's going to be the topic that, you know, might have the greatest potential? Or, um, there's a lot of hot topic right now. There's GPU network, inferencing, a lot of them. What, which them, what kind of them might be like fade away, even though it's super hot, a lot of VC back them might be fade away. Um, and what's the, you know, underlying reason you guys think? Yeah, so for, for, for us, one, one thing we're really excited about is agents helping people make financial decisions. So, for example, taking small groups of private data and running a LLM or an AI on, on top of that, and having that kind of trade based on the input or the, um, the, the observances of a small collective. Cause how decisions are made right now in terms of trading and, and is individuals are in telegram groups. They're having conversations and then they're sharing alpha. And if you can have all of them contribute that information and then have an AI on top or a super intelligence on top, take that, compose it, and then create a financial, uh, product or fund around that. You can see how individuals could be paid, um, by the AI for contributing, contributing, um, um, their data. Uh, so I think, I think that is one area we're excited to back investors in. Um, I think one thing that stays true to AI is, um, whatever that country contributes to, to AI. This, the data and the, and the, and the infrastructure. I think, um, I've invested in a couple of companies who, who like spatial computing, um, that would give AI data to interact with the real world. Um, I think something like that, that, um, I think that would stay true and, and would contribute, continue to contribute to the AI environment, um, and make it a lot better. And this, this would, this would also stay true, um, within five years, 10 years. Data that's collected now will also be usable in, in, in, in 10 years. Um, most of it. And, and also the infrastructure, um, with computing power, um, with, with, with that. And also microtransactions, machine to machine transactions. I think these things for now, we, I, I think that it would, it would still stay true within five to 10 years. I have no idea. Five to 10 years. I was just having another conversation with a friend. I was like, I feel like the innovation is like this, right? It's already so fast. Now with AI, it's like this. So like, I was like, I'd rather, I was like, whether we should just sell all my assets into Bitcoin, move to a mountain for three years. And I come back out and see, you know, as the dust settles, I guess the AI nuclear bomb dropped on humanity in three years times and look around what jobs have completely disappeared and what jobs are still left and what's still important and what's not. Um, I think it's very, very difficult to predict five to 10 years down the road. Right? I think some of the things that I think, like I said, I think super, super fast trend, like messaging layers that AI will need to transact information with each other or trade with each other. I think that's foundational infrastructure for finance, current finance, which will be the future of machines. That's probably never going to go away. Um, and, uh, I think there will be, uh, arbitrage of geopolitics that probably, um, there are fringe of certain type of software has to be built on, um, decentralized compute or decentralized, uh, standard of transaction of money that is not subject to one country's control. That's probably one use case, but it's really, um, but I think majority of the AI will not really need crypto. I think majority of the AI applications will just be big cloud to big cloud, big APIs to big APIs, but they will be, it just like right now, right? Like a Bitcoin is still a fringe, um, store of value, right? For the world that you still need to buy many things, but Bitcoin is one of the allocation, right? For your asset, um, as overall portfolio. So I think crypto infrastructure will serve as a unique, um, sort of option for AI, but most of the AI things still will be very centralized. Yeah, I would say, um, in five or 10 years, it's truly hard to predict because, um, you know, the innovation is super fast. So I think it's a lot of, um, you know, the development of the agents, a lot of things, but, um, I, I think two topics, um, that way we, we, we kind of believe will still survive, um, maybe even five or 10 years, which is the one is the agentic system. So, um, we kind of, we kind of interested to see, you know, how the AI agent actually work with each other in, uh, like a framework or a chain. Um, but in this way, it doesn't make sense for AI agent to use a Visa card or a Fiat. It would be more, make more sense for them to really use like the, um, cryptocurrency or stable coin to really move the money around, help people to, you know, really accomplish some kind of, you know, daily work. Um, something like, you know, other, uh, like food delivery or buy, like do like online grocery shopping, those kinds of things. Another thing would be, um, the data. I think that's going to be, uh, topics that will survive for five or 10 years. AI always need data and there's always not enough data for, for training a model. So, um, I think that's two topics would be, um, the next, um, big things we're going to, you know, really focus on. Um, and yeah, so. But do you mean data in general? Because what I'm seeing is stable coin is already here, right? And then you're just AI, just a use case for stable coin, right? I don't see it's like a specific for AI and also data is something for AI, right? Is it crypto data, crypto, you know, like what do you mean by data? Because for me, data is generic AI. I would say it's more of, um, general data, not like crypto data or on-chain data. So what your question is in the five years time or 10 years time was crypto and AI. Oh yeah. So, um, what I mean is that, um, what I see from the, the space is that crypto can really provide its value add to the data space because it actually provide a more convenient way to, you know, if we're talking about the data labeling industry, it provide a very convenient way for the, the, like the labeler to receive their, um, bonus or, um, their rewards, um, by receiving a crypto because you don't want to send, um, people from different area in the, uh, in, in the world, like, uh, to different field, right? Um, so that's one thing. And also it provides a very good way to, you know, make sure, um, they're doing their job because there might be some like slashing mechanism underlying or, yeah. So, and also, um, crypto provides a very good way to, you know, decentralize the, um, collecting the data. So I would say, um, that's, you know, that's where we find crypto can provide its value add then. So that's the reason why we're kind of, you know, bullish on the, um, you know, generally the data sector. And also like blockchain is a great way to gatekeep the data instead of AI companies just scraping things on the internet that we see right now that, that people are scraping things, uh, data off, uh, other each other and, uh, without paying or, or anything like, like meta is doing. Um, they're not, we're not the people who, who provide that. They're not the people who provided the data, didn't get anything back, which I think blockchain would be a great way to gatekeep that. Yeah. Yeah, I would agree. Yeah. And, um, so yeah, and we also see a lot of, um, recently like last few months, there's a super big surge in interest of AI agent, right? Whether it's a meme or a, like a, a robot or, um, on chain agent. Um, what, what do you guys think about, you know, this kind of surge in interest have impacted, the, the whole industry or have impact the, you know, the decision making of those AI entrepreneur VCs? Um, what do you think? If, if there's any opportunity or you see there's some risk exposed in, in, in a space? Um, so the AI agents today are, are not, um, where we expect them to be. And that goes for traditional AI as well as crypto AI. And so, oh, oh, at this point it's, it's very, uh, experimental. It's basically you have LLMs that have access to a Twitter, Twitter account and the LLMs are, are, uh, making suggestions about what should be tweeted. And then there's a human there to approve those tweets. And then people then launch tokens based on the tweets that come out. Those are like a lot of it, or you have like open source frameworks, um, like, um, AI 16 Z that allow people to, to launch tokens that may have a AI component or may not. And, um, and then basically maybe they have control over a social media account or they have control over something else. But very rarely is it, is it something what, that I think what we expect to eventually be, the case to where there is, um, agents making actions based on your, your data and your goals. So another interesting idea could be something around like a lifestyle AI agent where you upload your wearable data, you upload your, your chat history, um, you upload your, your previous financial transactions and you say, Hey, here are my, um, here are my goals. And then the lifestyle agent simply tells you what to do throughout the day. So you can offload your cognitive decision-making to, um, to the AI because typically it's going to make more healthy decisions for you. It's going to make more financially. Um, it's not emotional, right? Um, so it's about really being able to, um, eventually rely on, like rely on machine intelligence. And over time we'll, we'll rely more on machine intelligence and less on human, um, cognition. Yeah. Um, for me, I, I come from, um, a family office background and, um, I work with a lot of, uh, other family offices. And, um, I think the opportunity in any industry, like, especially in AI and crypto is, uh, new investors, a new, new, new, new train of thought. And, um, I think it, you know, the knowledge base for, for, for AI and crypto is, is, is on an uptick, uh, no matter if it's AI or crypto and around the world, I think, uh, family offices are trying, are looking towards investing and, and the knowledge base, it's, it's slowly on the rise, but I think it'll, it'll take more time. I think things and, and policies around the world where, um, uh, also, uh, governed by, by governments and, and government governing agencies, um, will take a long, a lot more, like a longer time for them to come to fruition where we create an environment for, for, for, you know, AI and AI to, to do micro transactions and that would be, um, legal and, and, and, and adopted by, by big corporations and, and, and for them to speak to each other as well. Um, and so the whole supply chain of the, the whole world would, would come together. That, that would, that would take, uh, like a much longer time than, than, than we anticipate, uh, uh, uh, over the hype of just DeepSeek, you know, DeepSeek is a conversation starter, but, um, um, I think, you know, there's still a long road ahead, um, for that, but it's moving. I, I, I, I, I know that it's moving. Um, people are looking more into it, I think, and the opportunity is bringing those people in fresh ideas and, and, uh, appealing more to, to new investors. I think that will, that's a, you know. Um, I, I mean, it's fun. I thought the agent, uh, mayhem is, is, I mean, I had a good time. Um, I think it reminded me of the ICO time in 2017. Like anything goes, AI agent come out, like two, like hundreds of them comes out every day. I think it drew a lot of attention to the space. I think the hype spoke for interest, right? This attention-driven economy, we know, like, what does attention mean? Attention translates to money. Money brings more attention, and that goes, and in a circle until the bubble pops, pops. But again, the bubble does teach you something, right? And if it wasn't because of the bubble, uh, we wouldn't have been here talking about what really agents, agents are, and what, uh, and how bad they are, and where we really are in the, in the, in the, you know, phase of development. So again, I think what it taught me is, first of all, it's a very exciting industry. It's gonna draw a lot of money if we really crack it, and a lot of founders are pivoting to build agents, right? And it's something that we're gonna see some really interesting use cases and very successful companies coming out of this, for sure. Because the fund is there, the developers are there, the attentions are there, the speculators are there. It's just, you know, it's, we need time to build good software and a really proper, you know, useful AI agents, that has a business model and technical mode. So I think it's, uh, it's a great start, uh, of, you know, the crypto and AI topic and then the vertical. Yeah, I would agree. Um, I mean, the AI agent and the meme itself definitely drive a lot of tension to the space and brings tons of new users and the industry need that. Um, but I think, um, what we want to do is that, you know, really converting some of this, you know, not all of them. I mean, a lot of them are still gonna be just a meme, just a casino itself. But we have to like convert some attention to like the product or converting some attention to the real value that can provide to the industry. Like some entrepreneur gonna eventually, you know, come back to the product itself, find the real demand, um, find the real users. Um, otherwise when the bubble just pop, there's nothing left. And it's, I don't think it's good for the, for the industry. So, um, I think there's just both opportunity and risks. Um, yeah, I think, um, that actually wraps up our discussion today. And we have five minutes more. Is there any questions for the, the panelists? We can take maybe two, um, or three. Okay. Hi guys. And thank you so much for that, uh, beautiful conversation today. And, uh, there is a lot of topics right now around the AI agents, right? And, uh, they are not actually bringing right now the real value in my opinion, because it's not possible to ask the agent if what important emails I get or something like that, at least, at least the emails. But, uh, for sure, this is a really great topic. So in your opinion, how, what is the most practical way to use the AI agents right now in real world? I, I can give an example. So Spartan, we have an AI studio. So we build some products. One product we build is called Superfund. Uh, what it does is, um, it's, um, it's a, it's a platform for a company to submit all the information they have. And then we match that with a grant, right? And, uh, the next stage is we're going to build agent to continue to follow this company's progress and constantly, um, you know, review and analyze how good this company is. So we'll keep following it. And if it meets a milestone, we keep giving it grant. Uh, and also we, we work with funds. If the company does well, potentially we'll get investments. And the next stage, we're going to build our prediction agents around the valuation of these companies. This is one thing is really hard to do is to understand long tail assets value, right? So we'll build agents around, um, all kinds of ways to analyze this company. So if you look at the number of agents we have, we probably build six or seven different agents, different agents use a different LLM and different agents use a different tool. We use perplexity for online search, right? So the name of the founder, we use, uh, uh, what they said online, their background. We use, um, one agent to analyze their get, uh, the GitHub code, how high quality the code is. We have one agent is going to link to Kytel AI, which means it's going to check its social. So we use different agents for a specific use case and whether we, how do we decide which agents to use? It depends on the brand, right? We're going to use Kytel agent for social because that's the number one, um, social, you know, AI social product out there. So like, yeah, like what answer your question. We choose the best agents for the best purpose. I'm a little bit, um, I want to add a little bit to that actually, um, my, in my mind, because I'm a bit of a Orwellian type personality and, um, um, um, I think the most practical use for AI is when AI starts vetting, um, human beings. Um, that I, I hope you guys would, would, would, um, watch out for that actually when that starts happening where we become numbers. And, uh, it's also with the, with all the DID and everything and we just become numbers and, and I hope we, we will all watch out for that. And it is the most practical use, but it is a little bit sinister. Yes, I think so. Like we, we need to not just, uh, stop converting humans into numbers. Yeah, exactly. Uh, you're just converting yourself into millions of data points and, and what's left. Um, I'm also here to, to, to invest and, and, and hopefully I can retain some of that through investing in, in, in great founders that would watch out for that as well. Um, yeah. So that's my thought on that. Yeah. Yes. Hi, I have a question. My name is Radha Katz and I'm with Brain Cargo AI and Brain Coin. And I have a question. How do you scale? Because, you know, if you do not, um, our question basically is computers owned by central companies, right? So how do we distribute it without, compute being owned by the companies and them? Because otherwise companies will just own the AI and all the information. So how would you scale? What would be your suggestion to do that? How would a decentralized AI to scale? Yes, correct. So, because otherwise, you know, at this point, all of the AI companies are still depending on a centralized, you know, companies. I, I, I think I'm really, I hope I'm not saying something stupid, but what I'm seeing is, you know, initially open AI started, right, where they have their own proprietary model. And today, most of the models are open sourced. That only happened in the last three years. So the open source model will be smaller and smaller until one day they can be deployed on edge compute, whether your phone, your laptop, your mini. So I think that's one way that, you know, model will become smaller and smaller, more and more efficient. And you can eventually, you know, store the multi-centralized compute software. But of course, the big model, they need concentrated compute to, to, to train. I think that's going to be hard. But I think DeepSeq has validated that, you know, even under the restriction of, you know, the GPUs, they're still able to achieve a good level. So I think the speed of a big language model being developed by startups is going to catch up with the big guys. And, I mean, and the question if it's inferencing, and I think inferencing is easier compute to build decentralized. So I don't think it's going to be too big of an issue in terms of, you know, monopoly. But I mean, I think competition will be U.S. and China. We need both countries or more countries to, to, to, to step up and build, not just, you know, one country for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I have to wrap this up because the time is over. But we can do the discussion after panel and feel free to, to reach us out. All right. Thank you guys for coming for today's panel. Yeah. Thank you.