 Hello everyone, welcome to the main stage. Welcome back for the final day of Consensus. I am Jen Sinassi, I'm our senior anchor at Coindesk and I'm joined on stage by Aptos CEO Avery Ching and Path Labs President Joshua March. Hey guys. Hello. All right, we are here on the main stage to make an announcement. We love to break news here at Consensus. Josh, I'm going to hand it over to you. What is the big announcement? Yeah, hey everyone. Yeah, we're really excited to announce our partnership with Aptos. And as part of that partnership, we've brought a billion dollars of private credit on chain just in the last few months. Our plan is to get that up to about 10 billion this year. We're growing quickly. Eventually we're going off to the whole $1.7 trillion private credit market. But we're really excited about where we're kicking off. Those are some big numbers you've thrown out there. And I've got to bring our audience back to the title of this panel. It's Beyond Speculation Scaling Real World Finance on Aptos. So we're going to talk a little bit more about how you're going to bring those big numbers on chain. But Avery, I want to kick it over to you now. So this is really about financial inclusion. This is really about looking at emerging markets and giving access to folks who live in emerging markets to products that they didn't previously have. How does that fit in with the forward trajectory of Aptos? Thanks for asking that question. For those of you who don't know, Aptos, a lot of that team is from the original Libra DM team. I was the Web3 lead for Libra and DM back when I was at Meta and Novi. And so the mission of that very much aligns with our ethos and our thesis that emerging markets are the ones that really benefit for the most from this technology. Having that 24-7 transfer of money, opportunities for microfinancing, and all this ability for them to access financial systems that aren't available to them today is very, very core to our mission. And we're very excited to partner with PACT and Joshua and the team here. Let's talk about what's going on in these markets. And I want to talk about it because crypto was really invented to address some of these challenges. And we've taken a lot of different forks in this industry. And I'm really happy that we're kind of coming back to this ethos to talk about it. So Josh, I'm going to kick it back to you. Talk to me about the people in these markets. How are they currently accessing credit? How does this change how they operate? Yeah, look, the reality is that when you talk about the US and developed countries, there's loads of inefficiencies in the financial system and the kind of trad-fied system. But it generally kind of works. And it can be pretty difficult to execute change. When you go to emerging markets and the other like 6 billion people in the world, those inefficiencies are much, much greater. And it becomes really expensive, sometimes impossible for those people to access credit. And we really think that the cost of credit for most of these people around the world could be lowered by like two-thirds if we could decrease a lot of the inefficiencies that exist in that system. And that's basically what we're doing with PACT, right? So we're working with fintech originators, people who do loans in these emerging markets, working to bring their entire operations fully on-chain, not just tokenizing a loan book, but actually every single loan being originated on-chain as an NFT, completely solving all of the audit issues, the payment rail issues. And ultimately our goal is to make it way, way cheaper for those end users to be able to access credit. You said it's difficult for these users to be able to access credit. How are they currently accessing credit? What are the actual difficulties? I mean, a big part of the difficulty is just the cost, right? So if you're a fintech operating in Africa, in India, in different emerging markets, it's really difficult to be able to raise capital from like global investors. As a result, because of those audit issues and payment rails and all the kind of inefficiencies that exist, as a result, those fintechs generally have to raise really, really expensive capital in country. And that means that the cost of borrowing is just like extraordinarily high compared to what we're used to in the US. And we think we can solve those problems. So that's what we're doing. Avery, this partnership was nine months in the making. What was going on in those nine months before this announcement today? There's a lot of discussions around those use cases that Joshua mentioned. And just learning a little bit about like the people we're trying to help was really inspiring to me on that process. Whether it's going to be someone who, for instance, maybe a driver in India who needs a loan to buy a better vehicle to transport and get access to their job more efficiently to others that just need kind of a quick loan for maybe the next couple weeks of groceries. And being able to support that use case on chain with Aptos having the cheapest transaction fees in the market, it's a hundredth of a cent. I think it really just helps us to know that there's other use cases in crypto besides just speculation out there. And so it's really exciting to see these use cases come into practice. And I think, what, you have 23, 24 million customers on this platform today. It's a real-world use case that's getting actual traction. Yeah. And I just want to add to that. One of the big differences, again, is our protocol goes right down to the wallet level. And so we're actually bringing new individual users onto Web3. And as Avery mentioned, we actually have a consortium of different institutions, including a bank in East Africa that's bringing 24 million users on this year. And ultimately, we see credit as one of the best ways to bring new users onto the platform. And ultimately, we think this is the route to get the next billion users of Web3. Why Aptos? You know, we have to do a lot of the loans we're doing, or we're not doing, but our consortium members are doing, are pretty small loans. We need to be doing really, really high volumes of transactions. And so it was really, really important for us to have a partner who could support high transaction volumes, really, really low gas fees, but also who have the network of financial institutions that give our consortium members the trust. And we felt Aptos is just the best partner across all those three elements. So this allows you to, I guess, mint a loan as an NFT. What's the benefit to that? I'm always so interested in talking about NFT use cases that maybe divert from some of the ones that get the headlines often. How is this going to work and how might it be applied to loans in other parts of the world? Yeah. Think about like, why is it hard for a FinTech in like Africa to raise money from like a US investor? And why is it also hard for a US investor to be able to like invest into these loan books? A big part is the lack of transparency, right? And the lack of trust in like an audit that's happening down to the loan level. And if you just tokenize a loan book, you don't solve that issue, right? There's a kind of garbage in garbage out rule. And if you don't know what's really in there, then it doesn't really help. The whole point of blockchain is to like, you know, don't trust, verify, let's make this a trustless system. You can't do that if you're just tokenizing a big $10 million loan book or a hundred million loan book, whatever it is. But by going in and making every single loan in NFT, first of all, you get full transparency down to every single loan, every single payment transaction. And once you go to the next level and the full payment flow is fully programmatic with stable coin flows, then you completely remove all the counterparty risk. Right? Because a loan can be repaid, that fiat currency is being on ramped into a stable, and then the flow of funds can be controlled completely programmatically. Right? So an investor in the US knows that they're going to get what they're investing into, and you completely remove all the risk from the process. And that's just not possible unless you're building in those primitives down to the loan level. Avery, I want to come back to you. And I kind of hinted at it in a question I asked earlier, but does this announcement maybe indicate more of a focus area for Aptos moving forward? When you think of the Aptos brand, tell me about what this means for your future milestones. Yeah. So first of all, this is where Aptos is looking good here. That's a meme that's been happening, just in case folks don't know. But I think it really hints at the, not hints, but just it lets people know that Aptos is a chain for money movement. It is a chain that has USDT, USDT on chain, the largest moved network when it comes to the amount of stables on platform. It is the cheapest network out there to transact on. And to Joshua's point, it's the one that actually supports this massive money migration. When you actually had all these loans kind of migrating to Aptos, they exceeded over 3,000 seconds per second. No issues with any other application, no downtime, no challenges, low fees across the board. And that's the way networks should operate. That's the way a financial system should operate. And we're very pleased to see that Aptos is going to be that financial infrastructure for the future. Avery, there are other layer ones that make similar claims. How do you remain competitive? I think the easy question is just, you know, compete on the performance network. We've got the cheapest fees out there, 10x cheaper on USDT to 1,000x cheaper, depending on which network you're using. We are the lowest latency network. You can test. We have open source dashboards to prove that. And from a throughput perspective, we've demonstrated the capability to support the largest amount of transactions in any mainnet. In fact, hold the top four records for that going forward. So we have an amazing team that builds up the tech and also work with our partners on the use cases that they want to see happen in market. And I think the proof's in the pudding. Is there going to be more of a focus on emerging markets? Definitely. We've seen a lot of emerging market applications for microfinancing with PACT. We're also seeing a lot of cross-border payments or mints from developed nations to underdeveloped nations. And as we mentioned earlier, this is an area where the customers really benefit the most because they don't have this infrastructure available to them today. It's something that is being enabled through the power of blockchain and Web3. It's a real use case, something we're very excited about. Josh, we talked about onboarding lenders, onboarding users in emerging markets. Talk to us about the challenges there. You know, what's, did anything stand in the way? Is everything kind of just happening in the background? Or was that educational piece still, you know, something that you needed to tackle? Yeah. I mean, look, our goal is to make this as frictionless as possible. I think it's really, really important whenever you're taking Web3 to the real world is that you have to kind of make it as seamless and as normal for the end user as possible, right? So in a lot of instances, the user might be still repaying a loan via the FinTechs app, right? And we've integrated a wallet into that so that you can, you know, un-ramp that straight into a stable behind the scenes. So we've just tried to make it as completely seamless and easy for the end user as possible. You know, I think some of the challenges that you still see around the world is like the cost of on and off ramping. That's still something that needs to be solved. And depending on the country, it can be more difficult or more expensive. So that's one of the challenges that I think still needs a lot of work. Were there challenges working with the FinTechs? Yeah. We found that FinTechs in emerging markets in general can be very, very fast moving. You know, they're fans of innovation. Because of those, the problems that we spoke about, you know, they're much more keen to innovate and move faster than I think a lot of FinTechs in America. So overall, that hasn't been a challenge. Avery, we spoke backstage about onboarding the next billion people into Web3. We talk about it so often in this industry. And I think it's interesting about the billion people that the two of you are focusing on. They're maybe not in the same region or jurisdiction that we talk about often. Talk to me about those people. Yeah. So I think those emerging markets are really the future of where crypto is going to have the most impact immediately. As Joshua said, our financial systems in America or the places around the world are kind of really well developed. We have good access to those. But the people in emerging markets don't have access to those financial infrastructure. And those are the ones that are going to benefit the most from it. We're excited to partner with PACT on this process. And I think also show off the power of Move. Move as a language is built for very secure money movement. And I'd love to hear from Joshua a little bit about his experience developing with it. But we found that once you start using Move to understand how to build smart contracts in a way that is very, very safe, enterprise grade, industrial grade, for these types of very critical use cases for people's lives, it is something that is very transformative for them. Yeah. Do you want to pick up on that? Yeah. No. From our perspective, being able to build on Move was a big advantage. Right? We found it very, very easy and quick to build our entire protocol in Move language. And it's like, you know, it's a nice security stamp knowing there's no re-entrancy attacks and other things like that. So I think it was easy for us. And I think it's also like a selling point for the different kind of financial institutions that we're working with to know that that security is built in. What kind of research did you do when you were deciding on, you know, what language to build with? And how did you ultimately end up going with Move and Aptos? Yeah. I mean, ultimately, as I mentioned earlier, there's like a lot of different benefits to working with Aptos, right? And obviously the language is part of that. But I think the overall partnership with them and the kind of wider consortium and network of financial institutions, the speed, the cost, it all kind of came together. Now, we talk a lot about real world assets in this industry. I was at an event not long ago where many of the major financial institutions in New York were discussing real world assets. It's a different kind of real world asset. Talk to me about how you see that narrative developing in 2025. Yeah, we like to cut for ourselves. We like to talk about what we're doing is like digital credit, right? A lot of the existing protocols in RWA have done a really good job of tokenizing off chain assets. And I think there is a use case for that. But to really solve bigger problems, we really believe that the individual loan, everything has to be on chain at the kind of lowest level. And that also opens up a lot more opportunities for what you can do on chain afterwards in terms of being able to package up and securitize those loans, use them as collateral. So we think it opens up many more doors and solves a lot of problems. So I think it's really good that there's just like a generally bigger focus on real world impact. And I think the kind of current, the historical RWA narrative was the kind of first step towards that. But ultimately where we're going is that all assets are going to be digital. And we think our approach is kind of paving the way for that. You mentioned some big numbers at the beginning of our conversation. How do you achieve those? Talk to us a little bit about your roadmap. Yeah, I mean, it's really exciting for us because when we work with their individual originators and they're bringing their entire process onto our chain, that can be each one can be hundreds of millions of active loans going through the system. And we've identified 150 top originators around emerging markets that between them have like 700 million plus users and many, many tens of billions of dollars of transactions. So, yeah, ultimately we're just tackling those one by one. But we've seen a model, we've already kind of developed a model that's working really, really well. And we see a pretty clear route to be able to scale quickly. Avery, I asked Josh this and I'm going to ask you, when you think about this joint mission, this collaboration between the two of you, what hurdles still stand in the way? I think the hurdles are just how to move faster. We have a really aligned vision. I think that's what really brought us together. We want to see the real use cases of crypto play out and also just attacking the biggest opportunities out there, which is that micro financing use case. But it's going to, you know, I think something that people don't really appreciate is that what Josh and team are doing is putting everything on chain. And that's going to drive a flywheel of on chain activity in payments and other areas, repackaging them as derivatives. That's truly transformative. That's not something seen before in the industry so far. And so, you know, we're here for that. We're excited about seeing that phase where eventually all those financial infrastructure and money movement will just happen on chain. It won't be something that goes off ramps into into fiat into bank accounts. You will be your own bank. And that'll be a very different world that we live in today. Josh, I know that this has a real focus in East Africa. Where are you looking to expand if you are at all? Yeah, we see Africa, India, South America are some of the biggest regions that we're focusing on. Yeah, we see huge opportunity across all of them. But ultimately, for us, it's about the next billion users. And we think all of those regions have really important roles to play. What is your what does your timeline look like? What is the timeline? Yeah, it's over. I've got us to be at $10 billion on chain by the end of this year. Okay. That is a big goal. One trillion. One trillion. One trillion. Yeah, give us like two years for that. All right. We are out of time. Thank you so much for joining me on stage here today. And thank you for listening to us.