 Hello. Thank you guys all for joining us. We're here to talk about Bitcoin. I'm Sam Kessler. I'm a reporter at Coindesk and I'm joined by Muneeb from Stax, Jacob from Lombard, and Rich from Core. There's a lot that we're going to cover. We don't have a ton of time, so maybe we can just jump into it. I thought it would be helpful to just get a really quick introduction to each of your projects for the few of us who aren't already familiar. So, Muneeb, maybe we can start with you and then we'll get into the meat of this. Sure. I'm Muneeb. I'm the founder of Stax. It's a Bitcoin L2. Think of it as a layer that's deeply integrated with Bitcoin. You can deploy your BTC into it and then use that in all sorts of applications. Awesome. Hey, everyone. Jacob Phillips, one of the co-founders of Lombard. You can think of Lombard as like a Bitcoin liquidity layer. We connect Bitcoin to other DeFi ecosystems. So, yeah, I'm sure we'll get into it. So, I'm Rich from Core. Core is the leading Bitcoin scaling solution. On one side, it's a full Bitcoin EVM DeFi ecosystem. On the other side, it's a Bitcoin proof-of-stake layer that has passive yield on Bitcoin. Awesome. So, usually when we talk about Bitcoin, at least for a while, we were talking about Bitcoin. Bitcoin the asset, Bitcoin the blockchain. Not much beyond that. Maybe Lightning Network. But a lot has changed. But, you know, I kind of want to start by asking the obvious question. Not to any of you, you know, specifically. You know, whoever wants to talk first. But why build on Bitcoin and not, you know, Ethereum, Solana, all these other places if you're going to do decentralized finance and all this crypto stuff? Yeah. Maybe I can hop in first. Spent a lot of time investing in DeFi at Polychain and then building a DeFi purpose protocol on Arbitrum before this. Liquidity is the lifeblood of the entire DeFi ecosystem. And the way that DeFi beats traditional finance is through hyper-composability of yield-bearing tokens. Taking liquidity, using it as collateral for one protocol, then, you know, recycling that into new protocol. All of TradFi runs on rehypothecation. And part of, like, DeFi superpower is the ability to do this, like, at scale with transparency. And all this time we've had this, like, $2 trillion pool of capital sitting totally isolated from the ecosystem. If you could put that to work into a, you know, DeFi environment like ETH, Solana, or a Bitcoin native ecosystem, I mean, that's how we become more liquid than the competitors. So maybe, you know, if either of the other two of you want to address this, like, one of the obvious questions then also becomes, what are the use cases on Bitcoin that one, you know, could succeed with that would be more difficult to implement on a place like Ethereum or Solana? So I think to go back to the first point, why would you not use Bitcoin? Bitcoin is the perfect collateral asset, right? There's plenty of people in the audience who could give you some reasons. Well, I'm sure there's a lot of Bitcoin holders here as well. And I think one of the most important things is, as Jacob was mentioning, it's a $2 trillion latent asset today that has effectively been a pet rock, a very lucrative pet rock over the last, you know, decade and a half. But now is the time to add more utility to Bitcoin. And I think there's a little bit of a misalignment between maybe the Ethereum community and the Bitcoin community in terms of what Bitcoin DeFi might look like. And maybe it's not just about what's harder, it's about what's a better asset to go out there and to go fulfill this mission. It's like one of the ones that we've been, you know, bringing out, you know, pretty forward to the front of the last, like, year and a half now is Bitcoin is a collateral asset where you borrow against it for stables. And, like, that's not rocket science. It's just better product market fit. I was talking to, you know, certain people here earlier today that are talking about, oh, they just want to buy more Bitcoin and they just want to borrow against it to avoid taxes, et cetera. And I think that's one of the big killer use cases for Bitcoin if you're an institution or just a retail holder. Now, are you actually using Bitcoin when we're using any of these platforms? Are you kind of living on Bitcoin but not using Bitcoin, the asset? That's one of the things I think a lot of people are confused by when it's like there's all this liquidity locked up there. Is that the actual liquidity you're tapping into? Or are you kind of creating these derivative networks on top of it rather than tapping into the, you know, the base layer itself? Yeah, so I think this was actually one of the bigger criticisms for Bitcoin. That if you look at the L2s on Ethereum, they're more trustless. And you can deploy ETH and do what they call unilateral withdraw. You can just withdraw your asset without trusting anybody else. And I think there have been some technical breakthroughs like BitVM and a bunch of other solutions as well that are bringing Bitcoin L2s to pretty much like on par in terms of being trustless to Ethereum. And that has happened over the last like year and a half. So I think from a technical perspective, like that was a huge breakthrough. And the other thing, whenever it comes to building on Bitcoin and people ask like why now, why not before? I think the other issue was mostly like cultural and having a developer community. And this is something that work we have done at the Stacks ecosystem a lot. It's trying to bootstrap like, you know, a developer community that wants to build on Bitcoin, wants to come and build these applications. So I think with those two things, it's actually now much easier to imagine applications being built on Bitcoin versus other ecosystems. But before that, I think some of those criticisms were much valid. I mean, maybe a departure from this a little bit. We were talking about Ethereum and like backstage I mentioned, I cover Ethereum more than I cover Bitcoin. And one of the huge problems that that ecosystem has been facing recently, that ecosystem being Ethereum, has been born out of roll-up fragmentation. The idea that they have kind of offloaded their entire scaling roadmap to these layer two networks that are not necessarily, you know, aligned with the base network. So what happens is you have all these networks that are fragmented, that have their own liquidity wells, that aren't necessarily all secured or secured in the same way by the Ethereum base layer. So maybe just like starting with that fragmentation thing, you know, Jacob, maybe you could kind of address this a little bit. How do you avoid that exact same thing happening with Bitcoin? Yeah. The question is, you know, is it a bad thing, right? Is fragmentation bad? For ETH, maybe you could argue so. You know, ETH is kind of this like monetary asset. But like long term, if we think Bitcoin is going to become the decentralized money, ETH kind of takes a backseat to that. So then most of its value comes from being some sort of productive asset, you know, earning fees from the network. It used to be that all that happened in the base layer. Now it's going to other layers. What I would say is like the products, like while there is fragmentation, the products are becoming 10x better than they ever were. You know, Hyperliquid is a killer product in DeFi, no doubt about that. It needed to be built in an isolated environment. Same with all these, you know, ETH L2s or ETH adjacent chains. Like Monad and Mega ETH, I think, are going to be big level ups for the ecosystem. Whether that value accrues back to ETH is still up in the air. People are debating that. But for Bitcoin, it doesn't matter because Bitcoin is just focused on being this monetary asset. You can use this within all of these different environments. So it's almost like I think fragmentation is probably actually good for Bitcoin establishing itself as like the monetary asset, the foundation of decentralized finance. ETH maybe struggles a little bit with that as these, you know, like tokens that used to be viewed as money within their own native ecosystems now have to sort of compete on par as money assets in other ecosystems. Yeah, I mean, do you guys see yourselves as building Bitcoin or crypto projects? I mean, there's kind of that divide that people talked about maybe a few years ago. There's Bitcoin and there's crypto or there's blockchain and there's crypto. What are you building? That's for any of you. I feel like the divide in my mind is a little bit different. Like it's BDC, the financial asset, right? So versus the technology part of it, right? So for the longest time, there was only Bitcoin, the financial asset. There weren't any like technical innovations coming from the Bitcoin space. And I think what you're seeing now is, you know, people like Lombard and others, they're coming in and they're taking the asset and they're doing very interesting things with it by building new technology around it. And I think that's where it starts to overlap with the rest of the crypto industry. Yeah. Because the rest of the crypto industry has been very good at like innovating like new DeFi primitives or new type of like infrastructure layers. And now BDC, the asset is now moving into those areas. Do you feel comfortable going to Bitcoin Miami conferences or do they see you kind of in that other camp? Maybe the dichotomy that I set up is not the correct verbiage or language, but I don't know. Like, do you feel accepted by that? So I think going to Bitcoin conferences now, like this is one of the more exciting things going on in Bitcoin, right? Because we're getting out of this like pet rock mindset, really coming out of the block size wars. And people realize now that Bitcoin has no execution layer, right? And that is such a very different approach to the Ethereum L2 space where they're essentially competitive with Ethereum. But they say that's an advantage, right? To play devil's advocate. The whole fact that they don't really have that sort of divide or those sorts of capabilities, the programmability. That's the beauty of Bitcoin. So that is the I think that's why we're accepted is actually my point, because that is the advantage. You get to keep Bitcoin to be this slow, programmable, expensive base layer, but still separate the asset from the rails. Yeah. And it's synergistic, at least in Core's case, we're adding net new utility to Bitcoin with productive asset, Bitcoin DeFi, etc. And I think that's why it's a very different opinion than it might have been a few years ago. Yeah. So it's not like you're competing with the base layer like you would have been, you know, building an L2 on Ethereum, I guess is what you guys are kind of alluding to. You know, totally. It's a different use case. Totally. And whether you're like having transactions that add more, you know, minor base revenue or whether it's Core providing second block rewards to 75% of the Bitcoin hash rate, that's net accretive back to Bitcoin. Now, is it correct to say that any of these Bitcoin L2s are, quote unquote, secured by the Bitcoin base layer using the same language that Ethereum tries to use when they talk about rollups? Or are we not there yet? I think it depends on their different designs. Like, for example, for Stacks, Stacks uses Bitcoin base layer for finality and for transaction ordering. Right. So if a Bitcoin block comes and now someone wants to reorg a transaction that happened on Stacks, they would have to go and reorg Bitcoin. So that's like one type of security. It's different from Ethereum. And similarly, I think when people are looking at security, they're mostly looking at bridge security. Right. This is the trustless sort of like unilateral withdrawal aspect that I mentioned earlier. And there, that's getting better. Right. So we have M of N bridges right now, but we'll have one of N bridges sometime soon, like later this year, early next year. Yeah. And I think that's going to be very helpful. Yeah. Maybe like go ahead. I was just going to say, so I agree with everything you've said. I think Bitcoin has almost been unfairly criticized relative to the Ethereum L2s who have taken forever to actually put these things in place, despite it being potentially, you know, feasibly. Right. And I think it's just important to understand where we're at, where most of these things are side chains today. But there's earnest effort to bring these things towards more truly trustless solutions over time. Yeah. I mean, maybe actually to kind of go down a different path. I'm curious to kind of hear from each of you, what are other than your own projects, some of the more interesting use cases that you've seen building on Bitcoin that you haven't seen necessarily in other ecosystems? Are there any? Maybe that was not a quick question, but maybe this is a more interesting question than I realized. Yeah, there are. But I think most of the most of the interesting things people are doing with Bitcoin, I think, just fall back to like you asked this question earlier about like, oh, are you guys building Bitcoin or are you just building some crypto? So fundamentally, I think the reason that all this is interesting is because Bitcoin is this asset that can be used within all of these other, you know, cool protocols that we built. Sort of like we don't need to rebuild the entire ecosystem just because we have one new asset. We need to find a way to trustlessly get that asset into this ecosystem. Or maybe we bring the ecosystem a little bit closer to more native L2s. But I mean, the goal for Lombard, at least when we were thinking of starting this off, was always like there's so much innovation happening in ETH, in Solana already. If we can integrate Bitcoin as in ERC20 or an SPL or something like that, you sort of take advantage of Bitcoin in this environment that people have used to build the cool shit in crypto without needing to, you know, build super complex infrastructure or like migrate everyone over. That was at least the like lowest hanging fruit, if you will. But maybe just one more thing, tying it back to the kind of question around like security. I feel like a couple months ago, out of principle, I would have tried to give you this like really long pitch about how trustless mechanisms are the only way to onboard Bitcoin into into the ecosystem. And I think spending six months kind of having these conversations with the biggest Bitcoin holders in the world. The answer to that is like trusted mechanisms are like the way that you're going to onboard crypto in the next like couple years, couple months or something like that. And then eventually we'll be able to transfer to trustless mechanisms. So there really aren't a lot of trustless mechanisms that exist in the Bitcoin community today, nor are there in the ETH ecosystem even. So I think it's still like a bit of a work in progress. And, you know, our focus has always been on like, how do we bridge the gap effectively? Oh, go ahead. I was just saying, I think I think these guys on the stage are doing doing pretty closely to the same. Yeah. I mean, you mentioned something interesting there about like the Bitcoin holders. Like, are the people that you're all working with, the audience, you know, the DGens, the users, like, are they different people than the ones who are using base, for example? Or, you know, is it, you know, a similar audience? So there's definitely overlap with like kind of your traditional Web3 user, right? Yeah. Like in Core's Bitcoin DeFi ecosystem, we have a lot of like your classic primitives, right? Your borrow and your perps. You've got some more novel ones like Bitcoin Curve for all these wrapped assets and derivatives. And like we're seeing that audience continue to get more and more involved in this like Bitcoin native ecosystem. I think the most exciting part about this like Bitcoin season two is onboarding net new participants to this space. So we spend a lot of time chatting with institutions, educating them about Bitcoin staking and about, you know, potentially dual staking and getting more involved because there's been so much interest in the spot ETF and now the Wall Streetification of Bitcoin. And that's a net new audience that does not come on chain. And it's important to have products and features that meet those audiences versus just your kind of DeFi DGens. And then the other really interesting kind of audience that we see on Core is a lot of EM users. And these folks who are mainly stablecoin users today, it's a 10x better solution for them that are now looking into savings products for the first time. And that savings product can be Bitcoin. It can be yield bearing. And that's a very big opportunity of like hundreds of millions, essentially even billions of people. And I think that's a whole growing the pie story for the Bitcoin space. Just practically speaking, you mentioned institutions. How are they using like leveraging ETH or I'm sorry, Bitcoin L2s rather than just like buying, you know, Bitcoins and putting them into an ETF? Like what is the what is the advantage there for them? So I think it's important to realize that most institutions are a long way away from Bitcoin DeFi. I think there's been kind of this like institutions are coming with like some trustless bridge. But I agree with Jacob that I don't think that's the solution at least short term. I think eventually we'll get there. Right now what we're seeing is people starting to dip their toes in the water. So Core actually launched the first yield bearing Bitcoin ETP in Europe over this year. And I think what we're going to see with these spot ETFs, once an Ethereum ETF gets staking or maybe a Solana ETF, you're going to see Bitcoin yield products start to really become at the forefront of the Wall Street mindset. And we want to be there to power it. Yeah. Something that's been on my mind and all of our minds, I'm sure, has been meme coins. Is that kind of a use case that started to, you know, I kind of come at this purposefully as somebody who's from, you know, the outside of the Bitcoin ecosystem. So as somebody who doesn't really know exactly what's going on, like, has that use case taken off, you know, in your worlds? Or is that something that's happening in, you know, different blockchains and different countries? I think it's happening in Solana definitely a lot more than on Bitcoin. But Bitcoin has these token standards on the L1 now, right? And there are a bunch of memes on the L1. And that actually goes back to your earlier question about, like, who's the audience? Yeah. But I do think there's overlap. Like, there is an overlap between people who trade ordinals and people who trade NFTs on Solana or Ethereum. And there was almost, like, an influx of capital and developers and users into Bitcoin over the last, like, year and a half. But there are these new users as well. Like, some of the people who are deploying BDC into Stacks, like, they would never touch meme coins. They would never touch, you know, a lot of these things. They're barely sort of, like, getting convinced to deploy capital in a Bitcoin L2. And they're just dipping their toes right now. And these people are pretty large Bitcoin holders. And if you look at the Bitcoin dominance, it's, like, higher than ever. So these type of sort of, like, audiences who hold a lot of Bitcoin, they're actually going to become more and more important in the coming years. So you need solutions that appeal to them as well and not just the more risk-taking community. Do you see those use cases growing in the near term on Bitcoin? I think the numbers speak for themselves, right? Like, something like 55,000 BDCs deployed through Babylon. We have a Stacks has a cap at 1,000, and it filled up pretty quickly. We're going to raise the cap. So at some point, the data would just speak for itself. If, you know, billions of dollars of Bitcoin is deployed into DeFi, and at some point it flips, you know, the total amount of DeFi activity in Ethereum, then that's a data that is very hard for anyone to ignore. Now, is there any black swan event that you all have in your head in terms of, you know, I think of when DeFi Summer was happening, and just, like, all of these yield protocols were coming up, and then, you know, Terra exploded. That really hurt DeFi as a whole. You know, the whole yield farming meme just disappeared, and it took a while to rebuild, and I don't know if it has in the same way, at least. Is there anything that you are afraid of? Like, are you afraid of some big contagion event happening, contagion event, that could kind of screw up your whole thing? Not contagion in my mind, but I will say the Bitcoin community is very fragile when it comes to trust right now. So it only takes one of us here on stage or any of our counterparts or competitors to sort of screw up to set us all back quite significantly. Yeah. So I very much agree with that, and I think, like, if you don't understand the yield, you are the yield, and that's never been more true than the Bitcoin space where it's blocked by Genesis Celsius. Like, how many people do we know that all get hurt during this space? Yeah. And I think it's really important to truly understand the risks of what's going on here, and I think that's been one of the biggest issues in the Bitcoin space is Bitcoin has very severe limitations, right? And again, that's a feature, not a bug. Yeah. And when we get into some of these mechanisms, a lot of them boil down to multisigs. Yeah. And a multisig for Bitcoiners is a dirty word, and we should appreciate that and understand that and know those risks involved. And I don't think it's a contagion, but I think you could get to very large loss events that, if not properly disclosed, would set us back a very long way. Wait, so that multisig thing, is that just because that's the smart contract, so people just don't like the idea of any smart contracts, so multisigs are a bad word, or is there something else that I'm missing? Well, Bitcoin has no smart contracts. Of course. Right, so at the end of the day, today, without covenants or other mechanisms to do kind of more advanced things on Bitcoin mainnet, you wind up with, you know, pre-signed Bitcoin transactions and these kind of Rube Goldberg-type machines, and that's where there's risk. That's a bad word, because it falls into that bucket, and people just do weird things to try to make it work, and it doesn't work. Really impressive novel things. Don't get me wrong. There's so many gigabrains that are working on BitVM and other pieces that, like, we're forever impressed by, and eventually will integrate their technology or invest in them, et cetera, but it is, like, beta software that has, you know, potentially trillions of dollars that could go into it, and that's something we need to tread lightly. So when you're talking to institutions, how do you try to pitch them? I meant to ask this earlier, but is there, you know, is it mainly just the fact that Bitcoin as a base chain is so valuable in terms of the, you know, asset? Is that the thing that's the most appealing to them, or is there some other element that you're kind of, you know, trying to talk them through? Maybe, Jacob, if you want to go about this on. Yeah, it's definitely institution by institution. I mean, when we're talking to people with big pools of capital, honestly, at this point, a lot of it is, like, an education game, and actually, you know, it kind of goes both ways, right? We're educating them on, you know, these on-chain mechanisms, ways to put their capital to work, and then they're educating us on the kind of, like, requirements and how they think about trust and security. And I think, like, you know, our biggest learning from all that has been that, you know, I think, you know, Rich used the term beta software is a good way to describe most of what we're building in the on-chain financial world, right? Like, it's going to take some time for these mechanisms to become robust. Over time, you know, these become safe, you know, protocols, smart contracts become safer than banks, but we're clearly not there yet. So there's some middle ground here where we're able to, like, you know, take advantage of the benefits of a lot of, like, really battle-tested software we've built off-chain in order to help bridge the gap to onboarding institutions. Because, like, a lot of these folks, it's kind of a non-starter if we're sitting here trying to talk about multi-sigs and, you know, brand-new smart contracts. So you've got to start somewhere. I think that's really the goal. Like, let's get off zero and then start figuring out how to progress from here. Yeah. I mean, so I asked earlier about the comparison with Ethereum and whether those same fragmentation issues apply or, you know, are a risk. And I'm told no. I'm not surprised to hear that from the panel. But, you know, the three kind of, tell me if I'm wrong, but, like, the three sort of factors that I think of in terms of, you know, were key, I guess, issues on Ethereum's side is there's security. So the L2s weren't as secure as the L1. There's UX, which is just, like, it's a real pain going between base and non-OP chains or, you know, so on and so forth. And fragmentation, which is just liquidity getting split up between everything. I'm curious, like, with those three in mind, let me know if there's a fourth, fifth, or sixth. But, like, is Bitcoin better suited just natively for any of those? So I think I can take this one. There are a couple of things there. One, the Bitcoin ecosystem is at an earlier stage right now. So these pain points are not really top of mind. So we are at a much earlier stage. We are actually building the L2s. And the liquidity is sort of, like, at earlier stages compared to Ethereum. So I don't think we are there yet. The other thing is, like, Bitcoin is different, like, in the sense that Bitcoin doesn't have a virtual machine at the L1 level. So it's more open to some Bitcoin L2s are EVMs. Some have a different VM, like Stacks, has a completely different VM. Or there are SVMs type things coming here as well. So the mindset is different. It's not that everyone is trying to be very close to Ethereum. There is no standard. So when there is no standard, I think people don't feel that they need to comply to certain things to make it look like. Over there, I think the job is different. You want to look as much like Ethereum as possible. Over here, there is nothing to compare to. I think the goal is a little bit different when it comes to Bitcoin. So I guess the question is, like, whether natively Bitcoin, because of those limitations and, you know, strengths in your view, is better suited to, you know, solving the UX problem, solving the fragmentation problem, solving the security problem. And I guess you're saying that they're just kind of going at these problems in such different ways that the comparison is hard to make. I think the comparison is hard to make because Bitcoin, because it doesn't have native contracts at all. People are never going to compare how my contract execution is on Bitcoin versus the L2. Right. So for them, it's like such an amazing new experience that everyone's like almost like they're like Val, like, oh, I could do a Bitcoin payment in seconds. And I can actually deploy, like, people are in that phase where they never thought this was even possible with Bitcoin. And I don't think we're hitting those liquidity issues right now. We're just at an earlier stage. I mean, all blockchains are obsessed with speed. And, you know, this goes to the institutions thing. This also just goes to, you know, generally talking about crypto tech. We're always talking about how fast these chains can execute. A lot of Solana success recently has been credited, true or not, to how much faster it is in a certain sense, you know, compared to Ethereum. Is Bitcoin always going to be sort of restricted by obviously the base chain being so much slower by design than a lot of these other platforms? Or is it going to be able to, you know, I guess, compete on the speed front through these auxiliary networks? So we'll definitely be able to compete on these auxiliary networks. But, again, like all the pieces that you're mentioning about it being slow, expensive, not programmable, again, are a feature. Yeah. And I think there's very little to no desire to, like, make Bitcoin a high-performance chain. And that's not something that we need to be concerned about. And I think we should, again, be embracing that versus be trying to, like, turn away from it or trying to make it, you know, kind of more Ethereum-like. And I think, sorry, one other piece. Yeah. In the Bitcoin landscape, security trumps speed. Yeah. And I think that is a very important difference. And one of the reasons that maybe adoption will take a little bit longer. But net-net, you can bring in more and more capital. Now, are there any core, you know, chain developments that need to happen in order for you to, not core, core. Yeah, I know. But, like, you know, did the core devs need to actually, Ethereum's always updating its chain. Not actually always. Every year or two. Bitcoin's also pretty slow. So, are there any things that are happening or need to happen in order for you all to feel, like, really excited, you know, about the potential for L2s? Or is that not, you know, is Bitcoin core development not as much a part of this conversation? Maybe that's a weird question. But I am kind of curious. Like, do you actually need to change the base chain in order to accommodate any of the stuff that you're all trying to build? So, at least in our case, you don't. But we're excited about potential improvements like OPCAD, et cetera, that might allow us to leverage some, you know, some more trustless execution on Bitcoin or trustless bridging. Like, that's very exciting to us. But I think it's really important to build for what we have today. And I think that's something that both Stacks and Core have done since day one, have been trying to build in the moment now versus be waiting for technical upgrades to Bitcoin. Sure. Which may or may not ever happen and are now more a political process than a technical process. Yeah. That's kind of what I'm curious about, too, is, like, the politics of it. But go ahead. I would also think about breaking the Bitcoin user base into a spectrum of users and risk tolerance, effectively. There are certain pools of capital that you will only ever unlock if you have a truly trustless mechanism. So there's ways you can do this on Bitcoin right now. They're not the prettiest of mechanisms. If there were some base layer changes, I think it would make it a whole hell of a lot easier on a lot of us trying to build those. But there is a massive chunk of the market I think you can capture today even without changes or, like, you know, trustless mechanisms. So I think it's one of those things where it's, like, there's no sense in waiting too long. I think it's starting by, like, kind of, you know, capturing each piece of the market at a time. Okay. Well, great timing. Our panel is up. But I want to thank all three of you. I've learned a lot. Maybe that's clear from my questions. This was a really, you know, enlightening panel. And I hope you all enjoyed like I did. Thanks so much.