 All right, I guess we'll go and kick it off here and talk a little bit about what the next chapter looks like for Bitcoin. And where we'd like to see things go and where we think they're going to go. Maybe we'll kick it off initially with, whoop, losing the Lorenzo. Maybe we'll kick it off with Yago. Can tell us a little bit about your journey into Bitcoin and kind of your background. We'll set the table and then we'll come back around to our topics. Sure. So in 2011, I was working at Carnegie Mellon University. It's a university in the United States on machine learning and AI. And because of this, I was reading papers in network science. And one of the papers that I read by mistake was the Satoshi White paper. And it got me hooked. I have been in Bitcoin ever since. And I'm kind of like a bit of a weird Bitcoin maxi. Because while I'm a big believer in Bitcoin, I'm extremely interested and curious about the developments that we see across the crypto space. And I think we've seen a huge amount of really important technological and product innovations that have occurred outside the crypto, outside of Bitcoin. For me, I've, for the last, now almost 13 or 14 years, been working on trying to increase and improve the degree of decentralization we have for Bitcoin. And the number of things that you can do with Bitcoin. And so one of the things that I'm well known for is being a core contributor to Sovereign, which became the largest DeFi platform for Bitcoin, which was launched in 2020. And has since processed many billions in trades and loans, all secured by Bitcoin. And right now I'm working on Bitcoin OS, where we, at the beginning of 2024, published a paper showing how we believed we would be able to take any kind of compute and make it possible to bring that programmability, that computation to Bitcoin. Basically making Bitcoin a fully programmable layer by turning that arbitrary compute into a ZK proof, which could be verified and executed on Bitcoin. And then in June of last year, we, for the first time, managed to demonstrate this on Bitcoin mainnet. And then earlier this week, we launched a testnet, allowing developers to, for the first time, start experimenting on being able to bring any kind of thing, build permissionlessly on Bitcoin. So for me, it's been a 13 year journey, and I feel like I'm finally starting to truly accomplish the things that I set out to accomplish. That's awesome. Lorenzo, why don't you tell the audience a little bit about your background? Sure. How you got started in Bitcoin? Well, nice to meet you guys. This is Lorenzo from Unisets. I'm the founder of Unisets and the co-contributor of Fractal Bitcoin, which is an extension to Bitcoin mainnet. And I heard a lot of experiments and innovations. I believe we can have a deeper discussion around this, about how to extend Bitcoin, how to maintain the Bitcoin repo and have a healthier development path forward. Yeah. Then just real briefly, my background. I was the chief investment officer of Silicon Valley Pension Fund. We're the first U.S. pension to buy Bitcoin back in 2021. We started in 2019, took a couple of years. And we're now launching some different funds to institutionalize the asset class. So maybe we'll just jump right into Bitcoin OS and trying to kind of take Bitcoin further out on the journey. What are you currently working on that you're really excited about in that space? Well, for me, what I would like to see on a personal basis is I want to be able to do more with my Bitcoin without having to give up the central promise of Bitcoin, which is that I don't need to trust anyone else. And up until today, if you wanted to do anything with your Bitcoin, if you want to lend it or borrow it, use it as collateral. If you want to trade it, anything you want to do with Bitcoin, you have to give it to someone else. Right? You have to go to Sam Bankman Freed, give them your Bitcoin and say, please, Mr. Freed, look after it very carefully. And sometimes the people will look after it carefully and sometimes they won't. And I find that a very, you know, that's terrifying to do with Bitcoin. So I've been working on trying to build out the tooling which would allow you to be able to start trustlessly building services and applications on Bitcoin. Now, it turns out that those technologies also allow you to bring privacy to Bitcoin or scalability to Bitcoin. And I think what this means for the broader crypto ecosystem is that if we are, as we are integrating programmability into Bitcoin, Bitcoin itself can become the engine for the next wave of growth for all of crypto. I mean, BTC is 70%. If you take out stable coins, it's more than 70% of the entire asset base of our industry. Right? So you can imagine we're building an industry and 70% of the industry sort of is just this dead, you know, asset from the perspective of the industry. And then the other big problem that we have in crypto as a whole, not just in Bitcoin, is we have these little islands. And they really are little in comparison to Bitcoin. But, you know, we've got these little islands. We've got Ethereum and Solana. We've got Avalanche. We've got different layer twos. We've got Cardano. Right? And they are completely fragmented. They don't have the same security assumptions. They don't have a good way of interacting with each other. And what ends up happening is terrible UX. We're one of the only industries where the user experience gets worse over time. It was like Bobby Ong was on here a moment ago. He said, you know, we've now got 600,000 new tokens being launched every month. Impossible to use a system like that where they're all being launched on these different systems. So we've got, you know, bad UX, fragmentation of liquidity, tribalism. And so instead of building out an internet of value, we've been building out the warring tribes of, you know, the meme coin space. And so I think what we need is some sort of central gravitational pull which can unify crypto into a truly cohesive ecosystem. Really, that can only be Bitcoin. And ultimately, that's why we called the project Bitcoin OS an operating system built on Bitcoin that can unify all of crypto. Lorenzo? Sure. This has been a very great observation for the fragmentation part. And I believe all these demands comes from people's own needs trying to customize Bitcoin in their own way. But it seems it's pretty hard for them to do it. So they invented this and that, the UVM, the virtual machines, different kinds of computing platforms. All of this is because Bitcoin is really hard to develop for. So there is a chance that we may have evolved and trying to write some code to make people develop in an easier way. Not only for extending it, but also for utilizing it for real world businesses. So I hope we can do something for Bitcoin. And trying to build an easier path for more developers outside the industry. Trying to use Bitcoin to help their own business. That's something we are trying to do by building the fractal Bitcoin, by extending Bitcoin in an easier way. And what do you think is kind of like the most interesting applications today that you're working on that you think, okay, hey, we're in a good spot to see a catalyst here with where we're at with this new OS and what have you, to kind of take off? Like, what are you excited about? Well, it's really interesting that people are thinking Bitcoin doesn't have a smart contract. And it cannot be programmable. So we have been doing something, experimenting on fractal Bitcoin to make sure that you can write smart contract on Bitcoin. So with a smart contract, you can have your business logic embedded on the fractal Bitcoin and experimenting with it, looking for issues and fixing issues and have a very pretty stable version. And maybe you can then in some day migrate from fractal onto Bitcoin mainnet and deploy a stable version there. So you can build your business around Bitcoin and fractal to make a whole system that can help your business utilizing Bitcoin. Yeah, this is kind of always like what I come back to is, you know, the Bitcoin blockchain is the biggest, most stable, most distributed, most secure network in existence. Why would you bother with number two? Right? So you've got to create those solutions. I can explain this. Bitcoin itself is stable. The development path for it is pretty stable. You shouldn't do any pretty aggressive changes to it because Bitcoin should be stable. But people have energies. They want to do new experiments. They want to innovate. Where can this happen? They invented different blockchains like Ethereum and other blockchains. But now we can tell them, you can come back to Bitcoin. You can do experiments on fractal Bitcoin. Layer 2 technology side change. Yeah. You don't have to worry to break Bitcoin. And people don't have to argue for introduce new risky changes to Bitcoin mainnet. They don't have to worry for this. They can just play in the playground. And they can fail many times. And then have a stable version. And then build on Bitcoin. That's the intention. The purpose. I'd like to try and explain something which I think is really at the very core of everything that we're doing here in the industry and in our space. So there's a tension in what we're trying to build. Right? Well, first of all, let's talk about what we should not be trying to build. Sometimes we call what we're doing, we call this industry the blockchain industry. Which would be kind of like if gold miners called their industry the digging holes in the ground industry. Right? Nobody wants holes in the ground. What they want is the asset. What they want is the security. What they want is a store of value. We're not really a blockchain industry and never have been. What we've always been is an ownership industry. An industry providing people with ownership over their assets, their financial futures, their data, their privacy. But I think somewhere along the way we got a little bit confused. And we thought that what we were trying to do is build blockchains. And we built a lot of them. So there's that central confusion. And I think the source of that central confusion in part started with probably more than anything, Ethereum. So for the last 10 years since Ethereum launched, we've been living in this paradigm where people have been trying to build better and better versions of Ethereum. Solana is faster than Ethereum. Sui has parallel processing better than Ethereum. Avalanche has a different consensus mechanism, etc. But they're all basically the same idea, which is that you try to build a smart contract chain. So why do you do this? So why do you do this? Why do we have smart contract chains at all? The reason that Vitalik did it is because he wanted us to be able to build applications. Initially he wanted to do it on Bitcoin. And what applications for crypto means is verifiable compute. It means that you run a computation and everyone knows that the computation ran the way it was supposed to run and cannot cheat you. At the time, the only way you could do verifiable compute was you take the entire chunk of software, you take the entire virtual machine, the VM, the EVM, you take the entire piece of data and you shove it all into a blockchain. Right? And then what happens is that every single node and every single verifier, 10,000 computers need to run the exact same piece of software again and again and again and again. And Bitcoiners in 2013-14 looked at this and said, this is never going to scale. Right? The fact that you have to do it redundant is why Ethereum doesn't scale. It's why 95% of transactions on Solana fail. But that was the only way you could do it. And it really proved that people want these applications. Yes. However, over the last few years, because of Ethereum, because of what Ethereum did, we've developed an entirely new way of doing verifiable compute, which is more scalable, more secure, faster. And that is using ZK technology. Right? A new kind of cryptography, zero-knowledge cryptography, which now allows you to take a computation, just run it on even one computer, that computer creates a proof of its computation. And now computers around the world don't need to rerun the computation. They can just verify it. Now this is mind-blowing. It's mind-blowing because it means that the last 10 years, while they were necessary, were a paradigm we don't need anymore. And the second reason it's mind-blowing is because what that means is you basically need a very, very thin chain, a very, very stable chain, which is just a purely a ledger where you can write assets and ZK proofs. Now it turns out we have a very thin chain and a very reliable chain, and that chain is Bitcoin. And so why will... So what I think is happening with projects like Fractal, facilitated by Bitcoin OS, and what we're starting to see in Ethereum, but even more importantly in Bitcoin, is moving away from trying to take the entire heaviness of all of the computation and shove it into a chain, and then you basically take all of that off chain and allow the chains to scale to basically the speeds that we're familiar with, with home computers and with our Internet. And this is for the first time now, right now, we're all living through a period where for the first time we actually have the technology to build an Internet of value. Right. That's amazing. Yeah. Lorenzo, what would you like to add to that? This is really interesting to me that we can have a verifiable ZK computation on Bitcoin. And we learned a lot of lessons from the applications on other blockchains by doing this. How they did it? Is it expensive to do? Or does it have to be fragmented? Or there are many questions around this. And for Bitcoin, it has a pretty long history that we not only have leadership, but also have historical burdens around it. We shall apply change the cautious way by not breaking up Bitcoin, but also introducing new innovations. So this is kind of really hard work to do this around this. So we have to do it carefully and have more talks and have more discussions. And probably we can have a prototype around it and have things iterated and then merge back to Bitcoin. Yeah. Yeah. And what about like talking about innovation and new things and atomic swaps? And like what's your guys' thoughts on, you know, this space? Well, are you talking about atomic swaps specifically or...? Yeah. Like in terms of like doing asset swaps, you know, like that seems to be catching on more, you know, instantaneous, zero risk. Well, I think one of the big challenges that we see everywhere is, you know, I was mentioning earlier how crypto has sort of become these separate islands. And the way you get from one island to another is kind of on this little rowboat that takes your tokens for you, which people call bridges. Now, it turns out that a lot of these rowboats are piloted by people from North Korea and sometimes they just sort of sail off with your tokens. And so it's very, very scary moving your funds from one chain to another. And so there's there's been an effort to try and create linkages between these chains, which instead of trusting North Koreans or trusting some kind of federation, you can trust maps. You can trust cryptography, just like we do inside of a chain. An early attempt at this, which has been getting better and better, is atomic swaps, right? So atomic swap is you create a transaction on one chain, which can only execute if some transaction happens in another chain. And then you can basically say, I'm going to swap assets with you. Atomic swaps work, but they are a little bit limited, both in terms of user experience and the things that they can do. What ZK Proofs are now offering us is a way to really expand what we can do basically atomically. We can now create cryptographic messages that move from one chain to another. So for example, with Bitcoin OS, one of the things that we're doing, one of the first sort of products that is coming out of Bitcoin OS is the ability to trustlessly or I should more accurately, I should say cryptographically port your Bitcoin into other chains. And so we've seen Ethereum... This is really hard work to do, do it correctly on Bitcoin, especially on Bitcoin. It's really hard because Bitcoin has a longer block confirmation time and some sort of crippled mempool. You have to deal with a lot of complexities, so it's not easy to build an atomic swap, especially if you consider the reorg and the block reorg. So it's not easy to do this. So let's take Fractal as an example. So what Fractal have done is they've created a sidechain for Bitcoin, which is basically a replication of Bitcoin, but with much greater data space for more transactions, cheaper transactions. And much faster the block confirmation. Faster block time, so faster transaction confirmation. What is the block time on that one? What is the block time on Fractal? Fractal, Bitcoin. Yeah, what's the block time? 30 seconds. Oh, 30 seconds? Okay. Yeah. It's basically 20 times. Yeah. And then that creates an environment in which you can now have developers start building more things for Bitcoin. But one challenge that remains is how do we actually get the BTC from Bitcoin mainchain into Fractal? Exactly. Yeah. So atomic swaps is one part of the solution. ZK proofs are another part of the solution. And by combining these two, you actually are able to create a situation where users can trustlessly move from one chain to the other. Yes. We have been doing some experiments on this for atomic swap using a ZK proof. But we learned lessons from stockware or other implementations on Ethereum that the ZK proof is pretty large, more than four kilobytes. So we have to fragment it into a smaller block and verify it isolatedly. But it's never easy to optimize such a thing because it's limited on Bitcoin to do this. But maybe we just don't know how to do it correctly. Well, actually, before we got on stage, Lorenzo was telling me about the struggles that they've been having where they're trying to do it with very, very large proofs. And then I told them, well, we've actually gotten this down to just a 300-byte proof. So, you know, progress is happening so quickly right now in Bitcoin that even many of the people in the Bitcoin space aren't aware of all of the advances that have been happening over the last few months. Yeah. So that literally just happened in the last couple of months where you've gotten down to that size. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. So my theory is, you know, to your point earlier that Bitcoin's 70% of the share if you take out the stablecoins, that, you know, it's kind of slowly kind of got the gravitational pull. And we just had another big rug pull with Malay down south in Latin America. I mean, what's your guys take? I mean, is that kind of pushing faster for where you're trying to bring things? Does that create more inbound interest for you when people have these situations or? I think we are currently gravitating that people are gathering around Bitcoin. Since 2023, there have been an innovation called Ordinal on Bitcoin. So many people heard of it doing creating inscriptions and having BRC20 or other new protocols around Bitcoin. There have been a lot of protocols and they're going to create massive noises around this in coming years. So we have to have better info for it. So, yeah. Look, I think one of the reasons that I frequently ask myself, you know, we've built really revolutionary technology. We've built technology which truly empowers people. We've created technology which makes it possible to manage private keys and wallets better than ever before. New types of cryptography like ZKPs. As an industry, we've really innovated and created extremely valuable things from the perspective of new forms of ownership. And yet, most of what has come out of the industry outside of Bitcoin and stablecoins has been a giant casino. And I think it's an important question to ask ourselves why. Why do we seem to be stuck in this groundhog day of casinos? And I think the answer is actually overlooked. Which is that real finance and anything that you think about in real finance, you know, people's savings accounts, people's pensions, people's mortgages, people's inheritance plans, large corporations and institutions, large scale investments, infrastructure development. These are all things that have payback periods measured in decades, sometimes centuries. Now, imagine you try to go to someone like this, someone who's from the TradFi world and say, listen, we're going to, let's build some structured products or pension plan or something on our software. Well, how stable is your software? Well, we had, it's been four months since our last major upgrade. Alright? And how frequently does it go down? Oh, well, only every two or three months does it stop, we have no trading. Right? It makes it very difficult to build real financial things on Ethereum or Solana because they act like software. On the other hand, Bitcoin behaves like a law of nature. You can be pretty sure that Bitcoin is going to be here in exactly or pretty much exactly the way it looks 50 years from now and 100 years from now. And so what we need is we need permaware, not software. We need systems that will outlast the assets, not allow the assets to outlast the infrastructure. And I think it's by empowering Bitcoin that we empower crypto to be so much more than an ephemeral casino. Yeah. I think that's a really good point. I mean, I think for me coming from the trade by world, one of the things that's very attractive about the Bitcoin ecosystem is exactly what you point out. And then the groundhog day analogy is so apropos. I mean, like we just seem to repeat this over and over and over with all these altcoins. You know, Lorenzo, I can see you got something to say there. So talking about the self-managing assets, the solutions we have been working on. We have been working on Unisets wallet, which is a self-custodial wallet. You can manage your inscriptions on Bitcoin and more protocol assets on Bitcoin. So one thing we have been experimenting with is people can have a safer way to deal with their assets by combining both the extension. I mean, the Chrome Explorer extension and also his app. By just when you are doing critical signings, you have a QR code popped up and you use your app to scan it so that you combine both device and the hacker doesn't know that the connection between both devices. So even if he break one of it, he cannot steal your assets. That's one way we do is how people can manage their assets in a better way. We hope we can do these innovations and the experiments in Unisets wallet in the future to help people to make their money safe. Yeah. So what, so like coming from TradeFi, coming from the TradeFi space, I think that one of the biggest pain points that I see out there is the fiat on off ramps. You know, this is a solution that has to be resolved, right? And some of this is regulatory and what have you. What's like the, from the technical side, what are the biggest pain points that like you think that would really move the ball forward for the next step in the Bitcoin development? For me first. So for Bitcoin exactly, the block confirmation time I think is pretty long to settle. And also the mempool is not big enough. That's the reason we create Fractal, so that you have a larger block space and more transactions in a lower fee. I believe this should make the trading experience more smoothly. But actually the weak point of this is how you can build a strong connection and relationship between the Bitcoin mainnet and Fractal mainnet. And that's something we really care about so that people can just move their assets onto Fractal and trade it and at some time point just move back to the Bitcoin mainnet. I would say Bitcoin has been notorious for being basically impossible to build on. Building out the technologies, utilizing more advanced cryptography like we're doing now, that turns Bitcoin into a truly programmable layer. This is happening right now in Bitcoin in a way that has never happened before and it's really opened up huge new avenues. This is complicated work and the first fruits of it are coming out now, but it's still going to be another two or three years of significant infrastructure development. Before we get to a point where I think that project is complete, the infrastructure phase is complete. While that is happening and certainly after the infrastructure phase is complete, the big challenge is going to be building the application layer and the integrations with Fractal, Bitcoin layer 2s and the broader world of crypto. So I think that the big mission for our entire industry over the next five years is getting Bitcoin to truly finally be a fully expressible layer. To become the base, the load bearing layer for our entire industry and then integrate it with the rest of crypto so that that massive asset base and the massive trust and goodwill that Bitcoin has can act as the end of crypto. So that is the engine of growth for our entire crypto industry or really I would prefer to say the industry of true ownership. That will be our that's our last word. Thank you very much to the panelists for coming on today and sharing your insights. All right. Thank you very much.