 Hello everyone, thanks for joining this session. Unlike every other technical talk today, my session is more about the social impact and how cryptocurrency, and particularly blockchain, impacts lives, especially in Afghanistan. So, I was born as a refugee in Iran and I was denied to access education and go to school. In my home country, Afghanistan, there's always challenges for girls and women to get education. And today, I'm standing here because I defy those odds and I'm advocating for the girls and women rights in Afghanistan for education. I'm Freyste Farooq, founder and executive director of Code to Inspire, the first coding school for girls and women in Afghanistan. We are showing you today how cryptocurrency and blockchain is breaking barriers and also enabling women in the most challenging environments in the world, that's Afghanistan. As of now, Afghanistan is the only country in the world that women and girls above 12 are banned from any form of education. Imagine you're waking up tomorrow and you're being told you can no longer study, work, or just go to public spaces and exist. That's happening right now in Afghanistan. But this is not about only education crisis. It's about the humanitarian crisis that's happening in Afghanistan and how we can use and leverage technology to break these barriers. I founded Code to Inspire in 2015 with the mission that we can provide and we also can overcome the gender and also digital divides and technology in education for girls and women and giving them an opportunity to be part of the global tech economy in Afghanistan. So far within our school, we've been operating for almost 10 years. We've educated more than 1,160 students in our coding, graphic design classes, and blockchain, and cryptocurrency classes. And I would say that a majority of our graduates are making $150 a month, which is actually an average income salary in Afghanistan. So some of our graduates are making double or triple than the men in the family. And even as of now, 34% of our graduates are the sole breadwinner in the family. Of course, since August 2021, when the Taliban took power in Afghanistan, they issued a lot of decrees. And 70% of the decrees that they issued were all about, you know, just the autonomy of women and just limiting women. However, with the education that we provide for students, 94% of our students have personal growth. Sadly, because of the ban in education and workforce, 8% of people in Afghanistan know a woman that think about suicidal thoughts. And by our education and the space that we provide for women, we try to support them with mental health. It's been projected that Afghanistan is going to lose $9.6 billion because the women are not able to participate in the economy of the country. And so far, we've gave our students $74,000 worth of remote work in coding and graphic design. Why crypto? I personally learned about crypto late 2013. And I got very fascinated by cryptocurrency at the time, Bitcoin, because how non-discriminatory can be towards someone that was a refugee and was being denied to open a bank account. Let alone if I had any form of identification. As a woman, I would have faced, you know, different pathway and also different challenges in Afghanistan. And as an organization, we started accepting crypto since 2015. So we are actually one of the very first nonprofit organizations that start not only accepting crypto, but holding crypto and thinking about the sustainability and long-term value of crypto. And then since 2020, we actually shifted our entire operation, sending cryptocurrency in Afghanistan to cover all of our operational costs. So the reason that cryptocurrency in general, or at the time when I used Bitcoin, was very important is because first, as I said, when you think about refugees and when you think about people that have to, you know, leave their home because of war or crisis, sometimes you're not able to carry every document with yourself. And the lack of documentation doesn't allow you to open a bank account, to use third party, you know, financial institutions. But with crypto, it's so easy. I just had an email address and I could just, you know, create a wallet for myself. And that was so fascinating. The other one is about just having control over your finances. I think that was very inspiring to me as a woman and how I can control my own finances. When you think about Afghanistan as such an unstable political environment that the government changed. When the Taliban took power in 2021, the first thing they did, they froze everyone's bank account, especially those who were working in the government. No one could actually access any third party financial institutions such as money grant, Western Union, or even cash out their money. So if you think about as a woman living in a conflict zone area, having a, you know, a wallet that you're only aware of it, doesn't matter what part of the world you are. If you leave that country and you go to any part of the world, you carry your finances with yourself and you are in control of your finances. And that's one thing that we are trying to help the girls in Afghanistan to learn about how they can, you know, embrace the cryptocurrency. Confiscation of money. You know, as a woman, sometimes when you live in an environment that's very male dominated and it's a very patriarchal society, sometimes if you save money for yourself, it might be confiscated, you know, by the male members of the family. So how you want to make sure that you are the only one who controls and you save, you know, your own, your own finances, and you can have only access to finances yourself because that's so much powerful to you when you understand that you have control over your own money. And then, of course, being part of the global economy, everyone is talking about how cryptocurrency, it's borderless. You know, how you can work for someone and perhaps get paid in cryptocurrency. And that makes the lives of a lot of the girls that they don't have a bank account, they can't open a PayPal account because of the KYC in Afghanistan. But they are talented, but there's no opportunity for them to work for anyone. And that's how cryptocurrency opens a lot of doors for them. So when the August 2021 happened with the fall of Afghanistan, it was a human rights and it was a lot of human rights crisis. And one of the most important thing is that people were facing food insecurity. I received a lot of messages from our students that they were saying they lost their jobs, just not only because of the Taliban presence and ban, but because a lot of the companies that they were working told them not to come because they didn't want to compromise the safety of the company by the Taliban's threat. So they were, you know, had a lot of financial crisis at home. And at the time what we did, we reached out to Binance Charity and with them, we partnered with Binance Charity. And what we did, we helped and identified 100 girls in our school. We helped them to create a BUSD account on Trust Wallet. And then we gave all the wallet addresses to Binance Charity. And the Binance Charity for three months deposited 200 BUSD into those accounts. And with the trusted crypto exchange that we had on the ground, the girls would go in a safe and secure way, cash out that 200 BUSD in a local currency, and they were using it for paying for food, for, you know, medical expenses and things like that. And that was such an eye-opening experience, not only for us to see that in such a hostile environment, we were the only probably entity that was doing something like that and doing such a humanitarian aid in this way, but also for our students. A lot of them were very surprised by why and how quickly they can have, you know, access to something that they never thought. All of the challenges here was that because there was a lack of content in local language, it was so difficult for the girls to create a wallet, learn about it, securing their keys, and, you know, understand how they can log in, how they transfer. So there were some of these, you know, kind of like major challenges that we were facing for them. However, a lot of the good things come out of it is that it opened the eyes of our students, and they were thinking, and they were coming after us and saying, how we can learn more about this, and how we can, you know, start learning about crypto, and how we can start, you know, understanding we can send payment, receive payment. In fact, they had some family members outside of Afghanistan, and they encouraged them to send them crypto. At the time, sometimes a stable coin for, you know, covering their house expenses and everything else. So I guess like when we talk about cryptocurrency, blockchain, we are mainly talking about decentralization. That's the, that's the goal here. Because when we talk about the financial institutions like banks, like Western Union, Monogram, who are in the middle, and they have a huge fee of transactions, and when something politically happened in an environment, they can be very easily shut down. How we can make this decentralized? And that's also about education. How we can make education decentralized. As I go back again to being a refugee, when you leave and forced to leave your home because of war, what are the first thing you're taking with yourself? Your life. You don't take anything else with yourself. That's what you want to like, just get out of that place and be alive. So you lose a lot of your documentation. How we can provide an educational platform that perhaps can store those documentation that you can go any part of the world and present it, but also how we can perhaps verify them, you know, through blockchain, how we can store them in a safe space, how we can verify those, you know, certifications, the courses that you take, and tokenizations. How we can perhaps incentivize students when they're learning something to get some, you know, token of appreciation, and then later on maybe they can exchange that with some sort of digital goods or anything that can support them. So these are very exciting areas that we are working as we are building an online platform for tech education in Afghanistan with local languages, Farsi, Pashto, and English. And we want to make this education more accessible, but also more safe and secure for the girls and women to access a lot of quality education. So, of course, because of what we are doing, and I think, as I said, this is more beyond education. This is more about a human rights crisis that's happening in Afghanistan, especially when you think about, you're putting half of the society that can contribute to the community well-being just outside of the equation. And every day is we are losing a lot of hopes, we are losing a lot of talents. So what we want to do by building this online platform, not only help and support girls within Afghanistan, but also outside of Afghanistan. And hopefully we want to expand our outreach to Central, South, Asia, to the countries that there might be perhaps more Afghan refugees and there is less opportunities for them. So by funding our school, you help our girls access to internet and laptops. We provide everything for free for our students so that they can access to high-quality education. We are looking for partners who can support us by building cryptocurrency and also blockchain applications for education. As we are trying to build a solution, any partner that can bring, you know, innovative ideas, especially geared towards that environment, we are happy to work with them. And of course, as one of the first nonprofits, I would say that except crypto donations, that was one of the most impactful way not only to diversify our donations, but also show people how cryptocurrency actually is not just only about making money. It also has a huge impact on people's lives and can be, you know, a great humanitarian aid. And then just, you know, for those who are here today, tell the story to someone else so that they know that there is still hope on the ground in Afghanistan. There are still girls and women who are working hard to, you know, get access to very basic things that perhaps a lot of us take it for granted in the other part of the world. So I would say that if what I said and my story and what we do in Afghanistan resonates to you, remember that education is a basic fundamental human rights. As much as financial freedom is essential to that. So if you are excited and you think that you can support the girls' education in Afghanistan, be financially free and live in a permissionless world, please reach out to us. And we would be very excited to change a lot of lives. Thank you. Thank you.