 Coindes PitchFest finals. Just for you to remember, how does this work? We started with 12 startups. They did the pitching at the semifinals and now the judges have selected three finalists plus one wildcard. They're going to be pitching here in front of the judges for the win. One winner and one runner-up. We're going to have the prize of $5,000 worth of DMTRs and five coaching sessions. So thank you so much for our sponsors and our community partners for making it able for us to happen that. Well, finals, remember, same deal. Three minutes for the founders to pitch and two minutes for the judges to ask questions. So let's start with the judges of the finals today. Who do we have? We have Alastair Foster, the CEO of Bullish Capital, together with Melody He, co-founder of Spartan Group, and Sam Fe, head of Group Investments, Animoca Brand. Here they are. They're going to be judging the finalists. And now we are going to reveal who are the winners. And here they are. We have from Transcrib, Zeon, again. Please welcome them. Big round of applause. We also have from Liquidium, Shu-Zu. Where are the claps? This is a great deal. Big. Oh, thank you. Thank you so much. Oneverse Technology, Jason Chong. And Shushank from CredShields. Our first... Oh, thank you. I didn't have to ask again. Our first pitch will be by Transcrib. Please welcome him on stage. Awesome. Hi, everyone. My name is Zane. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Transcrib. At Transcrib, we're building self-sovereign verification for the masses. Everyone here is in Web3, so I won't go into what self-sovereign verification is. It's one of the oldest ideas in blockchain. But what makes us different than a lot of other projects that came before us is that we have real traction. We've been able to grow our business in the last 29 months to about a $5.1 million AR run rate. And we've been able to do so by focusing and solving real problems that enterprises face today. Our solution is a unique... It's in a unique space where regulation actually favors a blockchain solution. In the United States, there's something called the Fair Credit Reporting Act. It's a federal legislation that dictates how two third parties can share employment and income information. Our solution removes that FCRA liability of enterprises by allowing employees at these organizations to own their credentials in a self-sovereign way and self-serve inbound employment and income verification requests. We've been able to create this solution completely on-chain. But it doesn't feel like a Web3 product. We've made it look and feel like a Web2 solution and kind of abstracted away a lot of the Web3 components of it. And it takes about 15 minutes for an enterprise to get set up with our solution. But we aren't just an employment and income verification solution. We're truly building self-sovereign verification. Another area that we've kind of focused on as well as medical records, we built the very first medical record, self-sovereign medical record platform. And it's used by one of the largest healthcare NGOs in the world, where we serve over 250,000 patients in over six countries. We've also done self-sovereign verification for consumer records, like financial records, through our product called Costello. And last but not least, we recently launched a ZKTLS solution about a few weeks back. And we've started the first Fortune 500 contract for that. With our medical and academic records, and kind of that's kind of where we're pushing next, HIPAA and FERPA, which are two federal legislations that dictate how two third parties can share that information, are very much structured similarly to FCRA. So we think there's a huge potential there in those markets. And yeah, like I mentioned, we also signed the first Fortune 500 contract for ZKTLS. So ZKTLS is a reality in 2025. Kind of our goal is we intend to commoditize the entire bringing of verification data on-chain. And what really excites us is the ability, the use cases that get unlocked once you bring this data on-chain. Starting from facilitating cheaper and faster verification in today's workflows, all the way to enabling decentralized twins to the existing financial stack. We intend to launch Veritas Protocol, which is basically like WorldCoin or humanity. And what we intend to do, where it's a little different than those products, instead of doing biometric verifications, we intend to do verified... We think that human beings are more than just their biometrics. We want to verify their experience. A human being is a sum of their experience. So if you can verify their experience, you can verify that human being. We've been able to grow pretty fast. And we've been backed by a great team, including my co-founder, Ali, who's in the audience, as well as Mark Cuban who has invested in us personally, as well as great other investors like Protocol Labs, Parify, et cetera. We're growing pretty fast. We intend to hit $25 million in AR in the next two years. And that's what we're building. Thank you. Thank you very much for the pitch. I'll go first. I think we can all agree that the self-sovereign verification is a very worthy goal and something I think everybody would like to achieve. The challenge is adoption, I guess, and the medical and academic spaces are not known for being at the cutting edge of technology. How do you plan to pursue adoption with those sectors? Yeah. I think you have to solve real-world problems. So that's kind of what we've noticed. When we go to an enterprise, we can't sell on philosophy. You have to solve on problem. So when you go into them, you have to talk about this is how our medical record solution can help save you HIPAA compliance costs. You've got to speak their language. I think that's what other projects have struggled with in the past is that they kind of go in and talk about philosophy. They don't talk about problems. When you're talking to a chief purchasing officer or CEO at a large enterprise, we have seven Fortune 500 businesses that use our solution today. You've got to go and make it tangible and talk about this problem that you're solving and how blockchain is the best solution to that problem, not the other way around. Can I ask you why are you launching a token? Sorry, I can't hear you. Can I ask you why you're launching a token? Because I understand the B2B part, the ZKTLS solution. I think it's all very good. What's the token about? Yeah, that's a great question. So up to like a month ago, I couldn't publicly ever talk about a token because we're a US-based company, US-based founders, Securities Exchange Commission that I've gotten us a lot of trouble. But we're planning to launch a token over the next 12 months. I think it makes a lot of sense there. But TBD, we'll time the market and see when it's best to launch a token. What is a blockchain? Yeah, the token, the simplest way to describe it would be like a world coin alternative or a humanity alternative. But instead of verifying some iris scan or a palm scan. It's a giveaway incentive for people to use. Exactly. And to create an ecosystem around the use cases of that token. Right? So like we bring all this verification data on chain. And if you're a lender who wants to do automated smart contract underwriting, how can we create that infrastructure and that ecosystem for you to be able to do that? Or if you're a decentralized recruiting D app and you want to access verified employment credentials, how can we monetize it so that your employees that you're connecting with recruiters can cash in a little bit on the placement fees? Things like that. Time is up. Sorry, sorry. Time is up. Thank you very much, Zane. Thank you. And congratulations for your pitch. Coming up next, Oneverse Technology, Jason Chung. Three minutes. Hello, everyone. So introducing Oneverse Pay 5, connecting traditional gaming and webtweets. So we started with gaming, as gaming is a proven industry with high spending, borderless payments, as well as easily transferable assets. So today, Oneverse, we are actually, more than 60% of our gamers are actually transiting with us in USDT. So with the ever-growing of the gaming industry, we are introducing Pay 5 to bridge between the traditional gaming and webtweets. So over the past one year, we have actually achieved 20 million of sales in revenue, with 60% from USDT and a market reach of 7 million communities. We are also connected to more than 100 games and more than 60 payment channels in Southeast Asia and Latin America. Here are some of the top game titles that we carry. We have a global reach of $3 billion and also a monthly active user of $500 million. So we also partnered with 60 payment channels in Southeast Asia and Latin America. And we actually are doing a further market reach through a brand collaboration with the top brands in Southeast Asia, as well as a pool of local speaking talents of influencers in the respective languages. So over the next three years, we are going to integrate to more than 150 games, Web 2 games, bringing on board 100 million of users, as well as enabling 20 million of mainstream users into Web 3. So our tokenomics model works based on 1-1 credit, which is a universal currency in our ecosystems, complemented with our governance tokens, with a total token supply of $10 billion. So here are just some of the brief of what we have done over the years. So we have achieved market reach in Southeast Asia and Latin America, as well as six local offices in the region, and 20 million in the first year of our establishments. And moving next, we are continuing to expand to more markets, continue to build our products, also achieving 150 million in the next three years. So our core team come with more than 25 years of experience with business and financial planning background, payments, as well as compliance. Thank you. One quick question from me. I understand traditional payments is actually a very competitive market, and usually the margins are very, very thin, right? And I think you're overlaying that additional USDT layer on top of these payment gateways, right? So I'm just trying to understand that, well, proposition of yours, right? And how does the token relate to this B2B business, I would say? Yeah. Basically, our market is at B2B and B2C. So I understand that the traditional payment can be actually very tiny margins, but with the USDT. So there's a lot of cost savings that we can actually introduce through this platform compared to the traditional FIAP payment. If I understand this correctly, the interfacing with good games is going to be critical to success. How do you set out establishing those partnerships? Yeah. We have a B2B team in the region that will talk to the Raspberry game publishers, and that's why we actually want to enable more games into our ecosystems. And through these small games, we have actually differentiated ourselves in terms of competitors that they are just on FIAP. But by introducing Web3 tokens, we can have cost advantages among, and which can be actually rewarded back to the communities of our gamers. Sorry. Why do you need a token? Why do we need a token? Okay. Basically, today, a lot of gamers are actually playing games. They really spend a lot by using their FIAPs, but then they do not get really a reward or loyalties, or either a 24-7 tile of payment system, inter-traditional payment system. But with USDT, with the tokens, those high-spender gamers, they can actually instantly, they can actually use USDT or use any tokens that actually issue from us to actually continue to enjoy their gameplay. Thank you so much, Aeson. Thank you for your pitch. Coming up next, Liquidium Sushu. It's your time to pitch at the finals. Good afternoon, everybody. Good afternoon, Judge. I'm Su from Liquidium. Liquidium is a leading Bitcoin DeFi app. We focus on Bitcoin ecosystem. Why? Even though the market cap of Bitcoin is much larger than Ethereum, the Fungible token and the Oinos is much smaller. So we have huge potential in this market. But Bitcoin asset is not as liquid as other ecosystems. Imagine that you hold a 10k USD ordinal and you want 5k tomorrow, but you don't want to sell this ordinal. What can you do? Liquidium is bound to solve this pain point. We are the lending protocol for native Bitcoin assets like Oinos, Runes, and BRC20 tokens. And every transaction is executed on their one to ensure the security and decentralization. The platform is very simple to use. You just need to select collateral, click borrow, and it's done. The process is similar for both lenders and borrowers. We have launched our startup for over two years and we raised 4 million total funding. And just last year, we completed around 400 million total loan volume, 84k completed loans, and generated 165k USD revenue per month. Our business model is very simple. We charge 20% of the interest. And from this simple business model, we generated 1.6 million USD last year. And unlike most startups, we are already profitable. Despite being profitable, we have very strong growth in both loans and volumes. But we are more ambitious. We want to become our way of Bitcoin. So here's the roadmap for 2025. We've already delivered customer loans and instant loans. And just next quarter, we will deliver the biggest product of Liquidium ever, the cross-chain liquidity pool. So at that time, you will be able to borrow BTC against USDT, USDC against BTC, and much more. It won't be achieved with an A-class team. Liquidium is funded by three crypto-native builders, and they were the member of Bitcoin Frontier Fund Accelerator. And they are also the board members of Liquidium. Within one year, we grow to 12 employees from eight different countries. And we do not fight alone. We are backed by the leading VCs, industrial leaders, and also the external advisors. That's all. I hope you enjoy my pitch. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. So basic question. You said it's non-custodial. How does it work? What? How does it work? How does... There is a DLC, discrete log contract. We use this. You can see it as the smart contract on Bitcoin. So every transaction to ensure the decentralization. So it's basically smart contract on Bitcoin. Yeah. How does it work? You can see it as a bank. You collateral your house to a bank. And the bank will give you 60% of your house, of your house price. And then if you didn't pay in time, then the bank will have your house and they can just sell your house. How do I understand what's your mode and what's the forcability of this, let's say, new competitors coming in and do the same model? Because it's quite simple, right? Competitors? Yeah. I mean, it seems the forcability of this is quite easy. I don't know. The business model is quite simple. So how do you see the feasibility or possibility of someone coming in and just create something very similar? Yeah, sure. So there are some people, as I heard, some people are building the similar product. But first, our product is very, we have the product is better than our competitors. And we have different kind of features. Also, we have a strong community that they can give us constantly feedback. And we have very deep connection with our community. Any other? Thank you. I think we're out of time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. And last but not least, from Cred Shields, we have Shashank. The floor is yours. Hi, everyone. I'm Shashank from Cred Shields. We are building next generation security tools for Web3. Our flagship product, Solidity Scan, is an AI-powered smart contract security scanner. A bit about my background. I've been into security for 14 years now. Starting at a very young age of 14 when I found my first security bug in Google and I'm listed in the Security Hall of Fame page. I repeated the same for Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and many other companies. Some of my best works have been three zero days in Apple iOS 10.3, which allowed me to remotely shut down anyone's iPhone. My Web3 journey started with Avalanche, where I found two bugs to shut down their entire node. And later on, I founded my company because this was the problem statement. Like, if we see in 2024 itself, $1.4 billion were lost due to, you know, smart contract related hacks. 2023, it was $1.7 billion. And that's why, you know, it's like, unlike, just like everything, security also needs scalability. And that's why we have built 450 plus detectors and it's a continuous process. And the product is quite simple. You know, it's like a user comes in, uploads a smart contract. All the, all the scanners run and it gives them the vulnerability description, suggested fix, and AI patch assistant, which automatically, you know, it's like, gives the updated fixed code for the smart contracts. Talking about the traction, last year we had a great growth. Our number of scans on our product increased by 1,500 times. We are doing almost 200,000 scans per month now. We did 2x in revenues. And we got, like, pretty serious integrations. Like, we got integrated in Ethereum Foundation's Remix IDE, BlockScout, almost all EVM chains, recently EtherScan, and many more. Talking about go-to-market strategy, we have figured out that there are three, you know, sections. One is the primary customers who are Web3 companies, like Shiba Inu is one of our clients. There are audit firms like Soak and Solidproof who use our product to scale their own manual auditing process. And then we have seen, we have seen interest from enterprises. Like, we recently closed Royal Bank of Canada as our client. Talking about competitive analysis, we have highest number of detectors in the market. We still have the lowest scan time. We pretty much do it in 15, 20 seconds. Our highest scan time goes beyond less than one minute. Talking about, you know, it's like we have raised from BoostVC and last year from Tim Draper from Draper Associates, 1.8 million in total. Currently we are raising 4 million round. We have already got a commitment for 500K. And we'll use the money to, you know, it's like a fine tune our own AI model, expansion towards other ecosystem, like we are already building the same thing for Solana. And for user growth and, you know, it's like business expansion. Thank you. Thank you. Super, super important problem to solve, but also a super competitive space to be entering. How are you going to win in such a crowded market? I think the key focus here is the research because that is something the more, you know, it's like more of the thing. We keep on building more and more detectors and that's how we lead in the space. Yeah, given the competition, just curious when, what metric do you chase for in terms of customer satisfaction? Is that the number of detections that you've made or is there the turnaround time? How do you win or? There are three things there. One, number of detectors which we have, you know, slide which we have always been focusing on. Second is reducing false positives. That is something which we have pretty well solved with the use of AI because now we can provide a context rather than just an algorithmic coding. And third is the flexibility of using. So we have a lot of enterprise features like you can add, you know, like multiple users. We have the entire product in the form of API so you can do CI, CD integration. You can enable GitHub actions. Every time you push a new code, it automatically scans and sends a report to your email or your Slack. So these things what we have done. How much do you charge? So we have different subscription packages, but the main charges is per lines of code. We charge per lines of code. That is three cents per lines of code. How much do you make from each client? It can depend if it's a large client. It's like they are doing multiple scans. Then the prices go up. And then there are sometimes, you know, it's like our minimum, you know, it's like pay-as-you-go model starts from $30. And the subscription charges goes for like $500 per month. But then if you cross 50,000 lines of code, you have to pay per, you know, it's like three cents per lines of code. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Well, perfect. That's perfect timing. Thank you so much for our judges and obviously for all the finalists. This concludes CoinDesk PitchFest final. All right. On theinta page, what are you doing? Watch. The infusion USD is free from the end. Watch this thing to say. protections would be possible. Theexpulsor was a copy of new tasks. And it discovered that two pairs of Demgeschick and keys of neutrons are in two halves.