 four years ago our company was a startup and we've been working in this space our company's grown and I'm really excited to be a sponsor here of pitch fest and and you know coin desk pitch fest is amazing this year there's over 360 startups that submitted for this event and this is the fourth year 75% international so it's really exciting and and I wanted just to talk for one or two minutes about our journey as a startup you know we I've worked on a number of projects I built software most of my life got into crypto eight years ago was in cryptography before that and while I was working on some projects I used to consult for some of the big four building systems for them it's working on a project in the Congo in Africa and it was really exciting and you know we were working on how do we digitize certain aspects of farming and registration of farms and and that became the idea for Dimitra you guys see our brand all over the place here today and I thank consensus and coin desk for that since then we've grown we have a couple hundred team members we're working in over 30 countries we build AI for farming agriculture in the food systems we build different applications for food companies to help them with compliance we're really focused on sustainability we have an ESG platform that's used by the country of Brazil and we're building that out for 80% of the exports coming out of Brazil to the world we've got a deforestation platform and the new regulations are are out January 2020 26 actually regulations are out now but they they come into force January 2026 everybody exporting seven commodities around the world to Europe must comply with these regulations so we're looking at millions and millions of transactions we've got almost 2 million farms that we analyze and are using our system and we're growing by leaps and bounds we're adding 10,000 50,000 new farms every month and so it's it's really quite exciting got some team members here over in the corner if you guys want to meet them our head of sales and one of our marketing team and our head of ESG and and so you know as everybody comes out today in pitches and they're they're building their companies over the next couple of years there's lots of ups and downs there's lots of roadblocks and in the crypto space onboarding exchanges and and dealing with marketing and you know dealing with PR companies and and partnerships and exploring those partnerships and some of them work and some of them don't and you know we've set up so many different partnerships and have really put together some great great partnerships that have been really effective for us and at the same time we entered some partnerships with high hopes and they didn't work out and and so you know you always see that graphic where you know you're lying to success is straight well it's not it is the hills and valleys and and and we've gone through those hills and valleys and and have come out the other side we are highly successful agricultural technology company and we are adding team members around the world it's just a very exciting moment I know it's an exciting moment for you the pitchers that are here and I'm really looking forward to hearing some of your your stories some of your pitches and how you guys are going to change the world so I know I've only been given three minutes and my clock says zero so thank you for your time thank you thank you so much to John and obviously to Dimitra for supporting this amazing pitch fest well we all want to start with the pitch fest but before that I have to tell you how is this going to work out there are some house rules as I said there are 12 startups pitching in the semi-finals we're gonna have four sessions and the first session is going to start and now what do the founders have well they have three minutes clock is here watch for the clock and then after you pitch then the judges are gonna ask questions for 2.5 minutes remember if you haven't finished finish I'm gonna come on stage and tell you that your time is done three of this founders and one wild car are gonna move on to the finals for the pitch fest and they're gonna be pitching later on this afternoon for the win there's one winner and one runner up for a price of 5,000 worth of DMTRs and 5 coaching sessions I really want to do a portfolio this 그때 we're insightful so today we're doing what kind of mini-knife summer a commission as well let us have to do myself in global political media why do we do this for actually build it a pure political team as well we first we know how to build leadership just build yano like putting on topIt's first version of the rapping ama in 3.5 pandemic of Emphasis. Please give her a big round of applause. Andy Kempeng, general partner at Metalayers Ventures, and Xiangxing Yang, managing partner of Titan Fund. Who's going to start? We have four startups in this first session, and GoSats is going to be our first pitch. Please welcome here on stage, Mohamed Rajhan. He is the CEO of GoSats. Here you go. You have three minutes. Hey everyone, good morning. Good morning, judges. We have built the simplest on-ramp to digital assets in India in a regulatory and compliant manner. Our vision is to put Bitcoin and crypto into the hands of everyday consumers. The product is super simple. We offer a Visa debit card to our customers. They can connect their bank account directly to the card, or they can top it up with UPI and spend across millions of merchants where Visa is accepted in India. And they earn fractions of Bitcoin, Satoshis, hence the name GoSats, into their GoSats wallet, which they can withdraw to any Bitcoin address in the world. They can as well redeem those Bitcoin for buying brand gift cards onto the platform, as well as top it up for the GoSats card itself. India is number one in digital asset adoption, according to multiple sources. And this comes in spite of some crazy taxation, regulatory uncertainty. In fact, I would go ahead and say that, you know, we have a regulatory moat. It took us two years to launch the card. There have been multiple competitors trying to replicate what we are doing, but it's just so difficult to enter the space. And I think this is possible because I spent 11 years in the industry working with the banks and regulators to build a relationship. We've had a 70-30 split in organic and paid growth. Some of our paid channels, Fintech Influence and crypto exchange partnerships, have worked really well for us. I love this slide. As a founder, it's just so good to see this. The chart on the right is something that I downloaded from a data aggregation platform that shows GoSats, has better user retention than some of the top 10 finance apps in India. And we have an attack of $7, which is extremely low compared to the global average of $50 to $100. We recently hit a million users, 300,000 active. In fact, right now we have 1.1 million registered users. We process $4 million in monthly GMV, and we have a month-6 retention of 60%. Roshni and I are co-founders. We've been in the space for 11 years. I was the chief scientist of the first Bitcoin exchange in India. Sathvik, our advisors, both basically Bitcoin or crypto OGs in the Indian space. Ajit, of course, has invested in multiple companies in the blockchain space. In this slide, I'll spend some time on Tweed. In fact, just three days ago, we went live with a partnership where you can redeem Bitcoin directly on some of the top four brands in India, so Flipkart, Mintra, and others. So we are doing a $5 million round right now to convert spending into investment opportunities to the investors over here. If you want to help back and support some real-world impactful solutions with real-world consumers helping them onboard to crypto, please do reach out. I'll be happy to talk to you. Thank you. Can you share a little bit more about what you've learned about the core users that get the most value from the product today? Yeah. So we see that many of our users never held crypto before. We do have a very strong Bitcoin maxi base, but many of our users haven't held crypto before. They see this as an easy on-ramp into the industry compared to going into an exchange and procuring Bitcoin with so much of uncertainty that is there. And we've also seen users make thousands of dollars in a year, basically with the shopping becoming free because of the appreciation of the price of the crypto asset. What happens in the background when someone buys something and he gets credited Bitcoin? What happens on your platform that the user doesn't see? So, Visa pays us, the brands pay us a certain cut, and we have liquidity providers where we procure the Bitcoin in real-time. And we issue to the user's Bitcoin wallet that we host right now. So you're custodying the funds? Yes, we are custodying it right now, but the user can withdraw the funds. So we do a batch payout. Every week they can issue a withdrawal to any Bitcoin address and it just goes to which wallet they want to. You did touch on tax and regulation. Yeah. From what I understand in India, that's a pretty rough market. Yeah. And it's been kind of a pendulum swing, right? Like, what sort of problems do you anticipate in future or do you see the landscape getting better? I think things are improving. I think India always had a problem with crypto being used as a currency. And the reason why we only do fiat as payments. We don't do crypto as payments. Crypto as an asset is something that they're okay with. And that's what the India market is, but it's such a big market. And I think we closely work with regulators because this is a regular product by the central bank, right? Because they issue the Visa card. So we work very closely with them. But we just hope that, you know, in the near future things work out really well for India. How do you handle go to market and rollout when you've got so many different languages and cultures all across India? Like, you're focusing on specific areas? I know you want to keep asking questions. Time's up. We want to be fair. Five minutes per startup. Thank you so much, Mohamed. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Thank you. While we're moving on to our next startup, Nettyworth. Julie Grillon's CEO will tell us more about what he's working on. Please welcome him. Hello, everyone. My name is July. I'm a two-time founder and former FinTech executive and the CEO at Nettyworth. We're the first AI loan infrastructure that enables Dapps to create their own loan marketplace. And the problem that we're solving is that it's very difficult for these Dapps to launch this. Our solution is a simple API SDK that allows these Dapps to launch their loan marketplace with AI agents that automate borrowing and lending. And also for the first time, Netty score. The first Web3 credit score system that provides data to lenders to understand how many times a borrower has defaulted or repaid their loans. Why now? This is a multi-trillion dollar market over the next decade. And also as loan demand rises, we will become the infrastructure of lending in the future. Over the past 10 months, we've reached over 124 million in connected wallet value, over 7,000 monthly active users, and already began generating revenue. Our goal is to target 15% of a $9 billion market over the next three years. And the team is built of two time founders with multiple exits. Ivan, my CTO, was formerly running BASF, head of DevOps, head of security over there. And also we added two incredible advisors, one from Ryo Capital, Christian, and also Tretan. This is very important as Tretan is the third largest liquidity provider for all NFT-backed loans. Our go-to-market strategy is simple. We're targeting these dApps that are NFT gaming or RWA projects looking to build a loan marketplace. Our competition is Arcade, NFT5, Blur, and Gandhi. But what separates us again is using financial data with AI to unlock new liquidity. How do we generate revenue? We charge a 2% origination fee on each loan we process. And our token launch is scheduled for Q2 to Q3 of this year where we're going to be rewarding users for borrowing, lending, and paying back their loans on time. We're raising $2 million on a $10 million post. We've already raised $1 million in capital from Republic, Blockchain, Ryo, Acacia, London Real Ventures, and most recently, Outlier Ventures. So I hope you join us in the future of DeFi. Thank you. I have a question about timing. I feel like I saw a lot of solutions like this last cycle, and it's a great idea, but they just really struggled to get people to actually use the platform. So I'm wondering if you think that the timing is better now. Yeah, I believe the timing is better, and I think we needed actually VCs to invest in a bunch of RWA projects that now need our solution today. So if you look at us, our mainnet launched in January. We processed over 150 loans in the first two weeks. We already have tons of RWA projects contacting us. In fact, even on the gaming side, Gabby from YGG ended up investing in us because he sees us becoming the infrastructure for borrowing and lending against gaming assets. One of the key points I want to highlight is Netiworth doesn't pick the asset. Our main goal is just the infrastructure. So it doesn't matter if it's NFT, gaming, or RWA. We're just here to process these loans. Can you share a little bit more about the methodology on the credit score and some of the data inputs that go into that? Yeah, so basically what we realized is that if lenders understood in the DeFi space how many times a borrower defaulted or repaid their loans, they're more likely to lend or even assess the LTV rate. So what we did was we tied users' Neti score to their wallet. So think of in the traditional world, your credit score is tied to your Social Security. We're tying it to your wallet. So if a user is changing their wallets, it doesn't matter. They're not adding history to that. So that's how we build the Neti score system around. How does the token help the project? Yeah, so what we believe is that by using our token within the ecosystem, rewarding users for borrowing, lending, and for the first time paying back loans on time or early, this is something that hasn't been done really in the space. And we believe that by rewarding users on these asset class, they'll be able to borrow and lend more. Thank you, Jelan. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. That was really, oh, I love the class. That's great. If you want more of those class for our next startup, Vanilla Finance, please welcome onstage CEO, Michael Cameron. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, judges. Thank you. So we are the permissionless liquidity layer of meme coin derivative trading. It's a very unique product. I'll get into that in a second. But essentially, you can dump memes anytime. Let's be honest. As soon as memes launch on DexScreener or PumFun, 99% of them go to zero. Why are we only making money on them going up? Let's make money on them going down. So with our total users right now, initially, we launched a product that was a 10,000x leverage, no liquidation product. I know that sounds crazy, but it's true. So with that product, we were able to achieve 5 million users, roughly 1.3 million trading users, and until date, actually today, 10 billion USDT in trading volume. And also our socials have exploded as well. So what is a TRS model? Anyone who doesn't come from traditional Web 2 finance, maybe is not familiar with this. It's called a total return swap. Essentially, what this means is that in Web 3, what we're trying to do is bring a lot of Web 2 traditional financial models into Web 3. This TRS model in Web 2 actually is a $2 trillion business, and there is no company that has launched it in Web 3 yet. So we think it's a great opportunity and a great financial model, and we're really focused on revolutionizing Web 3 with traditional Web 2 models that are tested and work. So with this product, you can dump memes anytime, dump any memes, and also enjoy the high ROI because you're basically betting against the long of it. So this is talking a little bit about the product itself. So as I mentioned, you can short memes instantly, no boring required. Essentially, as soon as the token graduates from pumped-off fund and gets migrated to Deck Screener, it gets auto-listed on our platform, and then you can short it on its way to zero. You basically pull the liquidity from the LP of that token. Why we're able to do this? First of all, our team, most of our core team comes from traditional finance. We also have many, many years of experience in building centralized exchanges. Myself and my two co-founders, we were original members at Holbe Exchange. Most of our team comes from OKEx, KuCoin, Binance. Our team has expert experience in building exchanges and also building financial products. So just a little bit about myself and my two co-founders. Patrick, he managed roughly $4 billion worth of assets and market makers through Holbe. Jonathan, he managed Holbe Global from the year 2018 to 2019. And myself, I've been in the industry since 2013, always building my own products, as well as in the exchange industry from 2018 to 2020. So, yeah, that's essentially our cap table. We do have an impressive cap table so far. We raise money from very big venture capitalists. UOB is one of the largest banks in Southeast Asia. There's even tons of them in Hong Kong. They support us heavily on the Web2 side of the business, like on-ramping, Fiat on-ramp, and many other great investors. I think my time's almost up, so that's it. Thank you. I know there's limited time, but I guess just for some of us who are not that familiar with the mechanics of a TRS, could you just explain at a high level how that actually works? Sorry, say that again. The mechanics of the trade itself, like how do you actually short something like a meme coin? Yeah, so it's a borrow model. So essentially how it works is we can actually provide the liquidity from our side by putting that token asset into it, and users are basically borrowing the token to short it. The other model is we can actually pull it, we actually integrate that with DEXs. So we're in talks with Jupyter, with Radium, PancakeSwap, all the large DEXs. So you can think of it more of an infrastructure technology, not necessarily our product, where we're actually counter, the users are counter battling the LP that's on DEX screener. Yeah. That's how we can auto list, right? So we don't have to worry about manually listing them. We just pull them instantly as soon as they migrate. If memes stay where they are, let's say sub 50 billion market cap, do you think that market is big enough for you, or are you planning actually to do this beyond and then compete directly with the larger derivatives platforms? Sure. So our leverage product I mentioned earlier, that's a short and long product as well. That's a contract swap asset product. Essentially that you can do with Bitcoin. So we offer the ability for users to own a single Bitcoin for $10 for a certain amount of time. So let's say you invest $20 to create an order. You're basically owning a Bitcoin for one hour or 24 hours. If Bitcoin goes up by $500 or $1,000, then you're earning that money directly from us. So we have LPs and market makers that essentially provide that liquidity to the user. Yeah. No time. Okay. Awesome. Thank you guys. Thank you, Michael. Well, our last pitch for this session, first session we have four. He is transcripts Zain Zaidi. Sia, please welcome him on stage. Hi, everyone. Great to be here. So my name is Zain. I'm presenting about self-sovereign verification for the masses in our company's transcripts. I'm not going to go into what self-sovereign verification is. It's one of the oldest thesis of blockchain. But what makes us different than many of the other projects in the past is that we've been able to build a real business around self-sovereign verifications. We've grown to $5.1 million in ARR in 29 months. 300 enterprises use our solution today. And the reason why is because we built in a unique space where regulation actually favors a blockchain solution. There's something in the United States called the Fair Credit Reporting Act. It dictates how two third parties can share employment and income information. By making that self-sovereign, we've been able to save enterprises time, money, and compliance costs in having to deal with FCRA. Our solution is pretty simple to set up. It takes about 15 minutes. It looks and feels like a Web 2 application. But we've abstracted away all the Web 3 elements of self-sovereign verification. But we aren't just an employment and income verification provider. We've launched a medical records solution with the largest NGO on the planet. We serve over 250,000 patients in six countries, enabling self-sovereign medical records. We've built a tool called Costello that enables consumers to own their financial records. We've just launched a ZKTLS solution a few weeks back. And we, yeah. And so there's a little bit about our medical and academic records. The really cool thing about medical and academic records is that they follow kind of a similar regulatory framework in the U.S. as FCRA. By making it a self-sovereign, you enable and you help enterprises save billions in compliance costs. This is a little bit about our ZKTLS solution. It won't go too much in it just due to time considerations. But we signed the first Fortune 500 contract for ZKTLS. So ZKTLS is here. It's ready. It's ready for enterprises. And we're kind of leading the frontier on that. We think that bringing information on chain is cool and all. But really what gets us excited is the use cases that you unlock once you bring that information on chain. We think that bringing self-sovereign verifications has the ability to disrupt multiple trillion dollar markets, starting with just making verifications faster and cheaper, all the way towards enabling ecosystem of decentralized twins to the modern financial stack. We're planning to launch a protocol in the next couple of quarters here. It's called Veritas. Think of it like WorldCoin or humanity, but for verified self-sovereign credentials and being able to solve kind of proof of personhood rather than through biometric verifications. We think that the better way to solve it is by validating who human beings are and their experiences. And if you can validate the human beings' experiences, you can validate that the human is unique and a real person. We have 10 people or 12 people, including my co-founder who is in the audience right now. We've also been blessed to have some amazing investors, including Mark Cuban, who's invested personally in our business, Alumni Ventures, and a handful of other great investors. Yeah, we're currently, this is actually already outdated. We did, we're at $4.2 million AR last month, we're at $5.1 this year. We're going to hit $25 million AR in the next two years. And we're on a plan to change verifications forever. Thank you. How do you charge? Yeah, we charge on a subscription basis. So we go to these large enterprises, we sign multi-year contracts, traditional B2B sales. How much is that? How do you, if it's a 500, Fortune 500, versus a small company? Yeah. You know, our largest contract is $750,000 a year for the next three years. But our average ACV is about $30,000, because we have a lot of other smaller SMBs and middle-market companies. Congratulations, really impressive traction. Thank you. It looks like you've got great product market fit. I'm wondering what you think would be your biggest challenges in scaling? Yeah, I think it's expanding into new verticals, right? Things like medical records and academic records and things like that. They're basically monopolized by these Web2 companies that have a lot of lobbying and regulatory ability. They have to have a lot of regulatory capture. So being able to kind of go in there and change people's mind and saying consumers should actually own this data, not these monopolistic entities that are profiting off of our own data. I think that's kind of, that paradigm switch is something that we're trying to bring in. And it's obviously the challenge in Web3 as a whole. Can you share a bit more about who the biggest customer is? I don't know if you can actually say who it is, but just profile and I'm curious what the use case is. Yeah. 85,000 employee employer in the United States, a Fortune 500 business, probably about $50 billion a year in revenue. They have about 85,000 current employees, 100,000 previous employees. So you can imagine whenever people call them to verify their employee status, that we've got a whole lot of inbound employment and income verification requests. So by enabling that employees to self-serve these requests directly, you can save that enterprise a ton of time. They were also the victim of about a $10 million FCR lawsuit. So there was a lot of incentive for them to switch over to the solution. How do you onboard the customers? It takes about 15 minutes. All we need is an API integration with your existing HRS database, your ADP, your Workday, your Rippling, your Gusto. Then that's pretty straightforward from there. But usually the time that that spends is the B2B sales process. It could be like three to four months to get into these large enterprises. Great. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much, Shane. And thank you to the judges. This concludes the first round of the Pitch Fest here at the Builder Stage. We are going to come back at 11 sharp for more pitches and for more content. Remember to be here. And I would also like to call our next startups. I see they're lining up. But in case you are not here, please come to the side stage to get ready. Tokenites, you're ready. Cypher Networks, IBTC and Cred Shields. Thank you, judges.