 Coindesk Pitch Fest, round two. You know that at the heart of consensus lies Coindesk Pitch Fest. And I'm just going to remind you that this is the battle of early stage startups in the Web3 space. They're going to be pitching to VCs around the world to have a win. What does this mean? Well, at the beginning we have 12 startups and then after the semifinals we will choose three and one wild card to go to the final to pitch at the end of this afternoon. What are they getting? Getting the chance to pitch for three minutes and two minutes for questions of the judges. Remember one winner, one runner up for a prize of 5,000 worth DMTRs and five coaching sessions. Well, this wouldn't be possible without our supporters and our sponsors. Thank you to Dimitra and all of our community partners. And also not possible without the support of the judges. I want to start introducing the judges for this round. We have Mameer Amidzik, managing partner of iOSG Ventures, together with Anshian partner of IVC. Please welcome them on stage. We have four startups of this round. And the first one will be Tokenize. Michael So, co-founder and CEO of Tokenize will be our first pitch. Welcome him. Hello. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, judges. My name is Michael So. I am the CEO, co-founder of Tokenize. We at Tokenize are looking to disrupt supply chain finance as we know today. And here are the problems. Now, around the world today, you know, any factories looking to make things of the metals and commodities first have to get metals and commodities. In order to acquire the raw materials, you either have to lease the metals to spend the working capital to buy the metals or to get an assignment somehow. The first two options are very, very expensive. They can go upwards of 15% to 20% in some countries as it relates to interest rate costs. Now, separately, in the meanwhile, the general public are completely shut out from the investment of commodities and metals due to the fact that they are not part of LME and the COMEX. Here's our solution. Tokenize has developed a tokenized warehouse receipt platform where we turn metals and commodities into, on the conveyor belt, into investable tokens. Our API connects directly with the inventory management systems at the factories, backend system. Alongside with that, what it means is that they instruct us with the token instructions, such as minting, burning, transferring, as it relates to warehouse receipts. Warehouse receipts are not securities. And for that reason, investable by the public. And on top of that, what it means is that we have turned a supply chain financing situation from that of a credit situation to an asset investment situation. In the meanwhile, the very same asset can be used in the pipeline from turning in from raw materials into finished goods. Now, our token warehouse receipts in the form of 3643 can be wrapped by ERC20. What it means is that the centralized exchanges, DeFi liquidity can get into the hands of supply chain finances. Now, that truly brings the zero inventory that is a dream of all manufacturers into the reality. We believe the addressable market is truly humongous. Well over $20 trillion today in commodity trading that can be addressed by tokenization, with which $500 billion are already in the form of warehouse receipts. Our team is one of the first ones to have ever tokenized warehouse receipts in the entire market in the form of gold, silver, platinum, palladium, nickel, copper sitting in the audience. We are also fortunate enough to have a pipeline of $360 million worth of gold and silver launching on April 1st. Last but not least, our revenue model is very, very simple. We charge fee as a percentage as it relates to AUT as an under-tokenization and fees as it relates to transaction premiums. Both of which are actually also a fraction of a cost towards what is being paid by the supply chain financing side of the equation. Last but not least, we have raised $1 million last year, late last year, October in our angel round. And then we are now raising $2.5 million. Thanks for the presentation. Can you help us imagine the demand side, the profile? So do they have a mental model of commodity investor or somebody who is providing short-term financing vehicle? Right. So the way it works today is that the general public, almost everyone sitting in the audience right here, have no direct access towards commodity and metals investment. Because these are really big boys clubs such as LME and COMAX. Now, what it means is that today, today the supply chain either have to go talk to a bank to get a loan and the interest rates upwards of the base rates of that country. Now, when we're talking about Middle East, even in Africa countries where we are actually talking to right now, we are talking about 20% plus. Now, we as a business model are not trying to charge basis points. Interestingly, we are trying to charge percentages because we are providing savings upwards of 10 to 15% for these parties. We believe this is the last mile of zero inventory that the supply chain are looking to disrupt. And like when it comes to the reporting of the inventory, is that self-reporting from the supply side or how do you actually prevent any sort of manipulation? Right. So one of our expansion model is that we are currently working hopefully with Dubai in order for the government to certify those inventories inside the DMCC area, where the government will provide collateral value towards these inventory in the warehouses that are lendable towards and by the bank. So how much inventory has already been tokenized so far? 360 million are looking to be launched on April 1st. But that's on the pipeline, right? Our pipeline actually has another 17 deals. We are already counting towards upwards of $2 billion in different metals. We are starting with gold and silver, but the next one are the nickel and copper. You mentioned like you will be working with the Dubai government on certifying on the collateral. Do you have an existing like third party to verify? Thank you so much. And I'm sorry you have to cut it. Remember, five minutes fair for every startup, Michael. Thank you so much. Thank you. Well, moving on for our next startup Cypher Network, we will be hearing from Maggie Wan, CEO. Oh, hey guys. Okay, my timer is starting now. My name is Maggie. I am the mother of Cypher Network. Very excited to be here. I hope everyone is enjoying ConsenSys because I am not so much right now because I'm a little bit nervous. So Cypher Network is building a ZK computing layer for trustless AI agents. And I think I don't need to emphasize just how big that AI agent market is going to be. We believe that from this year the world is going to be taken over by AI agents. And Y Combinator is estimating that within 10 years it's going to be as big, 10 times bigger than the SaaS business that we have today. But the issue is that today's AI agent is not performant and it's not trustworthy. You don't trust your money to your AI agents, which is one thing that we want to build. We want to build safe AI agents, meaning that AI agents can autonomously help you execute financially critical and mission critical stuff. And this is our architecture. Right now we have two core products, proof of prompt and proof of inference. We're the first Web3 company and even the first in Web2 that are focusing on the trust issue for the prompting process. Prompting process is the most important thing that developers are feeding into the large language model. Most of the AI agents today are just using LLMs that are out there today, like DeepSeek or OpenAI 101. And the prompting process is their know-how to build AI agents that they don't want to open source it. But users need proof that the data for data integrity and data safety of everything that is going into this black box for the system prompt. And we're just giving something like a ZK notary service to prove that the users that your data that you are feeding into this AI agent is not misused or mistreated. And you can trust this AI agents. And we also have another product which is ZK. We call it proof of inference. We are using ZK-Circuit based models for smaller models, which is not large language models. But it is more proof prompt specific and it is more decisive because large models are more probabilistic than decisive. But if you just want your AI agent to perform a certain task like portfolio management on-chain, you don't really need large language models today. And also just because of the efficiency of ZK, the model size cannot be very big. And also we have an entire ZK stock to support it, including our gas loss chain with optimized for ZK proof verification. And we also have a decentralized the DP network for distributed ZK proof generation to support the process. And right now we have a very big ecosystem with our chain with over 30 million users and about 1 million active users and 50 applications that are powered by AI agents. And not only they are powered by AI agents, but they also manage. So manage. What's the current DAU right now for that 30 million registered user? It's about 1 million. A DAU? Yeah. And we have a chain. We have all the data on the on-explorer. Okay. And what's the reason that gamers really care about their own like data privacy and why do you need to use ZK? Excuse me? Why do you need to use like ZK for the full on chain game? Because it's actually slowing down a lot of like the data processing like speed. Yeah. So the data is not processed in ZK. We're only giving them a proof just like the TLS. So it's a ZK TLS, the base, the proxy protocol. We're only evaluating whether the data that is going into the model is being misused. So it's not like we are using ZK to run the entire model unless you want to do that for the inference process. So it's really use case dependent. So if you really care about the inference process, for example, is we have this product which is like using AI agents to play fully on chain poker. And for those AI agents, you want them to not collude with each other because it's money sensitive because you're putting your money in the poker game. And in this process, like you want to make sure that those AI agents, their inference process is not colluded. And for other stuff, it's only for making sure that the prompt is not contaminated. And do you think that from the end gamers perspective, they really care about like if the result is actually fair enough? Because like that's just like online casino has been like ongoing for many years. And like the gamers are probably pretty used to the practice already. So from the gamers perspective, like how can they feel like any kind of like difference? And do they even care? I think it depends. So gaming isn't our biggest use case. Gaming is taking part of like 30% of our business. Most of our business is in DeFi. Sorry to cut you off like that. We have to be fair. Thank you, Maggie. Big round of applause. Our next startup, IBTC, is going to tell us more about their solution. Please welcome here on stage, Akibala, co-founder and CEO. Bitcoin is the largest digital asset, but over $100 billion have been lost to date due to custodial failures and bridge hacks. This is because whether you send your Bitcoin to a single custodian like BitGlobal for WBTC or if you bridge it like TBTC, you're sending your Bitcoin to someone else and not your keys, not your Bitcoin. Institutions have the scaled up version of this problem. They're very sensitive to counterparty risk. So enter IBTC. We're an institutional Bitcoin wrapper. Our institutions, which are prime brokers usually and asset managers, mint by locking their Bitcoin into a two of two multi-sig with our attester network, which relays a mint signal to the other blockchain but cannot receive funds. So it's theft proof and even in a hack, funds could not be stolen because you never sent the principal anywhere. We sit between liquidity and trading and we seek to provide a compliant asset. We work with institutional custodians, as mentioned, prop trading firms, institutional permission blockchains. We take mint and burn fees and we also take a commission or a clip on referrals. We are the rapid Bitcoin provider for Canton and Ripple. Canton is Cumberland's permission blockchain. Teams comprise of software entrepreneurs, engineers, traders. We've raised three million to date from OKEx, ABCD, Chainlink and 15 other funds. And we're raising five million. Half of it is secured from strategics already. And we're looking for a lead to help close out our round. I guess we can start with questions. Let's go. So for instance, if you are bridging using this bridge to bridge BTC to let's say Ethereum, like I guess if I open the vault, I would be the one side of the multi-sig, right? And the network would be the other. Then for her, she would be the party and the network on the other hand. And then once we have all these Bitcoin wrapped on Ethereum, like how do we deal with transferability between these like Bitcoins and redemption? Because like everyone has like a different vault and the redemption, I guess, could become the problem. Yeah, this is our number one question. So it works similarly to WBTC. WBTC is minted by 25 companies called merchants. And they are the prime brokers. They mint all the WBTC. So if you're a company, you can swap, but you cannot mint. So if you take a loan, it gets liquidated. They can go back out to the same 25 merchants. We also have the same merchant system. But in our system, the merchants don't send their Bitcoin to Bitglobal. They keep it in their own custodian, which is BitGo, Anchorage, Copper, wherever they want to custody from. But I guess like these merchants are like professional ones and this is like their core service. But this is not my core service, right? Like if I'm the multi-sig holder, you cannot redeem without my permission. And I'm, for instance, in this example, like some retail or Bitcoin available that is not available 24-7. So at the end, like you have to get my permission, right, in order to redeem anything. You cannot mint. I see. Just like WBTC, only the 25 merchants can mint. Retail can swap. So what does it mean that I hold the multi-sig in the vault? You don't. Okay. You can just swap to acquire IBT. You cannot make it. I thought the model is that I'm also part of the multi-sig as the other ones. No, just the merchants are. Just FalconX, DRW, etc. And then the core value over WBTC would be? Less centralization risk. There's no... More kind of... Thank you. Thank you so much, Akhi. Thank you, Mamir, for all your questions. Last one for this session. We have Cred Shields and a presenter, Shashank, co-founder and CEO is here for you. Welcome him. Hello, everyone. Hi, I'm Shashank. I'm the CEO and co-founder of Cred Shields, where we are building next generation cyber-secure tools for Web3. Our flagship product, Solidity Scan, is an AI-powered automated smart contract security scanner. A bit about my background. I've been into security for 14 years now. Starting at a very young age of 14 when I found a bug in Google and I'm listed in the Security Hall of Fame. I repeated the same with Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and many more. Some of my finest work was finding a zero day in Apple iOS 10.3, which allowed me to remotely shut down anyone's iPhone. My Web3 journey started with Avalanche, where I was a security engineer. Coming to the problem statement, last year itself, we talked about 2024. We lost $1.5 billion almost in smart contract related hacks. In previous to that, it was $1.7 billion. That's why we are scaling security with AI power tools. Our product has 450 plus detectors, which we wrote on our own. It's a very simple product. It's like you go to our dashboard, you upload your smart contracts. It lists out all the vulnerabilities. It gives you the description. And we have an AI patch assistant, which helps you generate an automated fix for your vulnerabilities. And then you can generate an audit report at a click of a button. All is everything is automated. Talking about our traction, we had a huge growth in number of scans. We grew 1,500 times in number of scans. We are doing almost 200,000 scans a month. Our revenues grew by 110%. And we have been integrated with companies like Ethereum Foundation's Remix, BlockScout, Etherscan, et cetera. Talking about our go-to market strategy, we have three categories which we have defined. The first one is the primary customers who are Web3 organizations. For example, Shiba Inu is our client. They use our product to scan their smart contracts. Then we have lots of audit firms who use our product to scale their own manual audits, like Soken, Solidproof. Then we have B2C side of things who are not very frequent customers, but used to use basis like individual developers or auditors. We have also seen an interest in enterprises. And recently we closed Royal Bank of Canada as our client. And we are in talks with KPMG, who is looking into our solution for a white label solution. It's not a done deal yet. So talking about our competitive analysis, we still have almost four times the number of detectors present in the current market. And our scan time is really low. Most of our scan finishes in like 15 seconds. I mean, and it's always less than a minute. About our funding, we have been backed by BoostVC and last year by Tim Draper from Draper Associates. Currently we are raising a $4 million round. And two days back we got our first soft commit. We'll use the money to, you know, fine tune our own AI models, expand towards other ecosystem like Solana. And that's it. Thank you. Was the technical or product barrier of entry for others to build a similar product? So it's more about research. I mean, that's where our mode comes into picture. We do more extensive research. So it's, that's what our security mode is. And what model are you using on the backend? So how it works is like we write our own algorithms to detect vulnerabilities. And now we are including AI prompts into that. So that, you know, it's like for contextually related bugs. So previously it was very easy to find logical bugs. It's, it's easy to automate that with, you know, it's like algorithms. But then business logic bugs, which are much prevalent in smart contracts, that is something we are doing with AI. I see. And the, like, do you have to kind of label all the data and figure out, like define for AI, like, in order to be able to train, like, what sort of security vulnerabilities do you have? Like a very rich data set or what do you have on the data? So actually, if you see, you know, it's like we are the ones whose project got accepted under OWASP. And since there was no security standards for smart contract security, we are the one who drafted it last, last month under OWASP. OWASP has been known for, you know, drafting, you know, like security standards for web application and mobile application. And we are doing that. So we actually created an entire, you know, like classification of vulnerabilities and it's there on OWASP's website now. Can you probably quantify again, like how your security is much better than the other auditors such as like Certik? Can you probably quantify in a way that like your security for like scanning for the like the audit is actually much better than the existing like bigger player? Yeah. I mean, it has been informed our clients itself. Example, when Polygon used our product, they compared it with Mythix. They were using Mythix, which is built by consensus. So they said, you know, it's like our product had more detectors and was had less false positives. And that is something how we reduce with AI. That's it. That's it for the second round. Thank you so much for our judges. Congratulations, Mumir and Anne. Thank you for being here.