 Thursday afternoon at ConsenSys. Welcome everybody. Gather around. There are a few seats in the front. It's great to see everybody here for the options panel. For me, this is like I got into crypto because of options and now we're here with a very expensive meeting of three of the key players in the crypto options market. Let's get right into it. I want to start with GSR because people know your business. They know your branding. They may not understand the nature of your options book. They know that you help support a lot of new tokens and platforms, but what's your options book look like? Yeah, sure. I'll kick it off. Firstly, pleasure to be here. I've known Andy for many years, but these gentlemen here were my first entry point into crypto. So in 2018, one of the first sort of designated market makers on Deribit and then working on creating a paradigm out of the block trades that were happening on Telegram. So looking back for seven years, it's fantastic. That was before I joined GSR. At GSR, to answer your question, Andy, our business is mainly three areas that touch on options. Market making for token issuers, OTC and prop. On the market making side of things, we're one of the largest service providers for token issuers, so 180 odd clients. How we get paid for that is loans and options on the underlying tokens. And you could imagine a strike map of many different strikes and expiries in different altcoins. We have to hedge the delta of that by using spot and perps, which creates liquidity. That's exactly what you want from a market maker, but then we have to hedge the other Greeks. Unfortunately, most of these are not listed options, so we have to use Bitcoin and Ethereum as proxy hedges. On the second part, OTC providing liquidity to larger counterparties and then hedging them. Again, prop we've been less active in the past, but something we're scaling up in terms of pure options market making, evolve prop and cross exchange arbitrage. We'll talk about breadth more, but good news. You can now sell CoinDesk 80 perps on bullish and as of this morning, CoinDesk 100 perps. So your tail problem just went away. Yeah. Isn't that great? There you go. Sorry, too pitchy. Anand, we will talk about your retail and customer facing business in a bit, but I think you're behind the scenes a little bit for most end users. Can you explain what Paradigm does and why it became so important in the space? Yeah. So Paradigm is an institutional trading platform, but we started out as being really the place where large institutions could find other buyers and sellers of crypto options. Back in the day, as Shin was saying, there used to be a telegram pit where all the big guys, Acuna, XPTO, GSR would talk to each other, agree on a price in a public setting, and then post that liquidity in the order book. An unaudited telegram pit. Unaudited. People could front run it. There was leg risk. And so I joined that pit through a common friend of ours, and he's like, hey, we need a solution for this problem. And so I looked at that. I was like, oh, the solution is building a platform where people can just automate price discovery, but off the order book. And then effectively, once it's matched, we can give it up to Deribit to settle, right? Right. And so, yeah, that's how it came about back then, believe it or not, that the volumes were like 5 million a day, 10 million a day. So this was as much of a bet on options itself as it was on our business. And fast forward to today, where you do about a billion a day in volume, we're about 30, 35% of Deribit on any given day. So the business has grown fantastically and very grateful for that. But yeah, that was the origin story. Fantastic. I mean, the growth story is important. And I want to get back to the future growth story. Luke, you're the kind of the center of the universe. Your firm is the center of the universe. You did what nobody else could do, which is create the options exchange that is on everybody's lips. You brought it to Dubai to get it regulated. And now it's the must be place. How do you feel right now? Good. Ready to go to Disneyland? We, I moved to Dubai indeed. The platform moved, is active as a licensed platform since January 1st, but we indeed managed to keep the majority of the market. We have around 80% still. So if you, if you look at the years they just described, we originally started with 100 and everyone has been challenging us over the years, which resulted in 80 today. So I think that's, that's, at least we're quite proud of that, that we managed to fight them off. If you look at what the market looked like for us, if you look at November, December, we traded the 100, 150 billion a month. So that's 24 seven. So on a good day, we trade, let's say 5 billion. And out of that two thirds is options. So we're really known for our options shelf. The, the other one third is a mix of perpetuals and futures. The futures, the data futures make sense because they're the hedge for the options. And the rest is, is like, let's say 15, 16 perpetuals. So that's our market and 1% spot. And if you look at the option segment, so the two thirds of our business, it's 30% is announced. So it's paradigm. So we have a lot of retail or sophisticated traders, but if you really have the big names and they want to trade a thousand contracts, they would use paradigm and block on our platform. And paradigm would match, they would look at, let's say, 100 different counterparties and they would provide the best traded price to us. So that's, that's, in a nutshell, the model. Two thirds of that is Bitcoin. So two years ago, it was more ETH and the flipping and all of those stories. Now Solana is challenging, but still far away. So it's, it's two thirds of Bitcoin. And then we have a handful of other coins. So before we get into the breadth conversation, which is important, I mean, is this a survivorship bias panel here? Like, how, how dare of it is six, seven years old, eight years old? 2016, first grade. So, and paradigm? Since 2019. 2019. And you guys are 12, 11, 12 years old? Pretty much. Yeah. 2013. I think it was. So telegram room, unaudited. Yes. First exchange set up in Panama, probably a little, you know. We started in Netherlands. Okay. Right. And then down. And then GSR in the very, very beginning was a couple of mandates. Yeah. It's actually pretty surprising that we have three, these, these three names have survived since the early days because so many people have come and gone. Right. Even from 2019, think of all the big names that used to be the big names. They have a lot of t-shirts and merch from them. And I open my, my closet every day. I'm like, not dead, dead, bankrupt. You know? So yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's been, it's been tough. So yes, your survivorship, it's definitely a survivorship story. Yeah. Lehman Brothers t-shirt. Even before that. Right. Yeah. But you couldn't get here if you didn't try. Right. So maybe not everybody succeeded, but, uh, uh, and it was, by the way, just, I'm curious, was it your first, did you fail first and then build these successful businesses? Luke, this was your first crypto business or? Yeah, but I wasn't at Treadfine before. I think we all were, but, but this was your first, you succeeded first time. Anon, you succeeded first time. Yeah, first time founder. Shin? No, definitely failed. No. So, um. Let's hear a failure story. I mean, to go back to the hedge fund, uh, story. So this is maybe a segue into talking about the types of flow and the different, you know, participants. 2018. It was pretty tough as a market maker, right? Like, uh, liquidity was low. Yes. You could hedge Delta, but. But I gotta give credit to Jin, but most people don't know this. He used to be part of Mac by finance, which at one time was, you know, 70 or 80% of their, of its flow in the early days. So Darshan and him single handedly, you know, kept that marketplace alive. And he was one of the 10 people in the telegram pit. So if he, if these guys hadn't done the early work, trust me, nothing would have been built on top. So, and most people don't know that. So. Thank you. That doesn't sound like a failure story to me. No, it was, I mean, they went on to do amazing things. The other, his co-founder is now also running another success company. So, yeah. Yeah. So he's with Credora now. Um, so the point being, it was very much pro versus pro at that time, right? There's a lot more informed flow. And as a market maker, it was, you know, quite reactive. So people would be able to place, uh, you know, out of the money, buy out of the money options on Derivate. Uh, they would be able to move the spot markets and then the reference index prices because volumes are quite low. I've average daily volumes of that. So lots of informed flow. Uh, now it's a bit different, right? Like I, I think institutional participation versus retail hedges versus speculators a bit more balanced. Luke, would you say it's, it's, it's 80, 85% institutional. So the, the true retail is 15, max 20% and true retail is not like millions of retail. So we have what we call the sophisticated traders. Uh, they're more savvy than the average trader. I have a markets question, which was, wasn't an honor, but I'm looking at, you know, Bitcoin dominates liquidity. Bitcoin has been extremely unvolatile. It reminds me of equities in 2017, actually, when the first Trump presidency before people knew the effective policies and S and P volatility was like mid single digits for a long time. And then of course, 2018 things started to fall apart. Is, is, is Bitcoin trading in a range between 94 and 96 for three weeks as dangerous as I think it is? There's more and more people saying that. So it's, um, the, the, the, the, the leverage stories out there, um, awaiting, uh, uh, a reset, um, for potentially the next bull run. I think we see that in the, in the options flow is changing, but it's, um, um, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, we're looking at 49. Uh, I just checked. So that's the same as early November. And what vol is that? Is that, this is what we call the vol, that's me. So that's an implied volatility. Right. But realize is probably high short term realize probably high thirties or low 40 something. 40 seconds. Okay. It's gone as low as 19. Right. We're not, we're not anywhere near like the lowest. And then when it went 19, that was really bad. I'm just overlaying this with 2017. With 19, it was like a hundred normal. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. That was like the base. Uh, it wasn't high. Some folks think low vol is a good buy signal. I think maybe, but super low vol is never a buy signal. Right. So I think we're, I think I, I mean, I, I disagree in the sense that I, I don't believe this is like low vol and it's just going to drop. I think mostly people, I think there's still a lot of uncertainty from a regulatory perspective. Like, yes, we're all optimistic about the future, but nothing's out yet. Right. No regular, no, like even the U S people are still figuring it out. All these new people that are in, in, um, in the new administration, they're going to set the policy in the next six, seven months. So I think once this clarity is, you know, it's more clear rather than I think you will see, you know, more, I think money's on the sidelines. Everybody we speak to that is not directly in crypto is saying, Hey, we want to deploy. We want to do all of these things, but we, we want to wait a little bit more. So I think that's more of the story. Aside from the strategic reserve conversation. Yeah. I don't really know what any kind of regulatory change in the United States actually is going to affect Bitcoin. Bitcoin is completely, I mean, aside from raising the contract limit on I, well, the, the one thing that did affect it is, uh, the, the, the bank, there was a recent rule change where banks are now allowed to hold a Bitcoin. Yeah. Removal of SAB 121. That I think was massive, right? Because that paves the way for Goldman and JP. I think capital charges are still high. I agree. Yeah. But, but it's like going from zero to one is, is a thing. Now it might be expensive and you can risk weight it under Basel or any of these rules, but going from zero to one, I think is a very, very big step because you now open up new business lines for banks. Now you have wealth managers, you have all advisory businesses. I think just that to me is a good signal. Of course it'll take time, but I think it's, it's, it's very positive. Another market's question. What in God's name is going on with Ethereum and ether? Uh, it's now, it's tough, right? I watched a, a Vitalik documentary on the plane on the way over that was on the screen there. And the idealism is not, it's been short lived, right? I have strong opinions, but I'll let the gentleman speak. Okay. Now Luke, let's start with that. And I want to hear, I don't really have an opinion. So from, from our perspective, we, we essentially don't care where, um, what products we offer. We want volume. We want a volatility and we want clients to actually ask for it. So if you, if you look at the demand, uh, currently it's, it's, it's, it's not that. So it's, uh, people ask for Solana, people ask for XRP. We're looking at adding Avalanche. So we're looking at adding Thon. We, we added gold and we're looking at the expanding expirers because of institutional interest. We added BNB. So this Solana unlock triggers all kinds of trading strategies and options strategies that are interesting. So that's our focus. If you look at, uh, the rest, uh, the focus is on BTC, the, the, the, the, the last year's performance. And looking at the, the, the two arguments you just used, the potential of the street, the strategic reserve and the global impact, the potential for asset management banks, it will be BTC. No one will, no institutional money will care about anything else. So the only reason the others do well is ripple is, is, is the U S case, of course. Uh, Solana is the, is the unlock and, and let's say the ether challenge as in the newcomer. Um, but for us, it's, it's, we want more Bitcoin. We want before, uh, sadly it's at the expense of ether, which was at some point was like challenging. It was open interest wise. It was the same. Now it's, it's, it's, it's, we have, let's say 20 billion open interest in, in, in Bitcoin and five in ether, which was like leveled before it was. Did you repeat those numbers? 20 and five or something like that. Yeah. So four times as much. It depends. So that's notional, right? So it really depends on the, the price of the day, but it, the, the ratio is totally off. Right. And the same with volumes and same with just over interest. If we get new market makers, if we get new, uh, any type of new client, they want to trade to BTC. They're purely focusing on BTC and then the rest. So, this, this hurts your business. I mean, it fails to help your business, right? Your business, your business is a long tail business. It is. It is. And, you know, I'm on Ethereum. My thoughts are still long-term bullish, right? Our business looks a little bit like, uh, you know, a call option on Ethereum and Ethereum correlated place, but on the Ethereum ecosystem itself, I'm bullish because I think the talent density there is, is huge, you know, versus other protocols. I think, yes, a lot of attention has been taken away from it by, you know, monolithic chains that are more performant, but meme coin narratives, et cetera. But that, that's ephemeral. I think the Ethereum ecosystem, there's a lot of things being built there and they have a very long-term and patient roadmap, uh, you know, Linnea, rollout, Infura, uh, the, the MetaMask plays. These are things that will, you know, develop over, uh, not the next months, but years. And I think it's, it's a very clear and long-term plan. And it's the, the reserve currency of DeFi too, right? So, yeah. Yes. Yeah. I think consensus are doing a lot of things in this area. So, I'd say long-term bullish. Adon, let loose. Strong view on Ethereum. Well, my, I'm not sure whether this is a strong view, but it is a, it's a different view. I think, you know, people tend to think of Ethereum, um, the same, like they tend to compare Ethereum with Solana and rightfully so it's, it's a cryptocurrency and obviously from a price perspective, it makes sense. But, you know, my view is, and I think Vitalik has alluded to some of these, uh, some of these, uh, some of these, uh, you know, these principles that you should view Ethereum the same way you view the difference between a government, you know, Ethereum is like a government. And things that are built on Ethereum, which is app chains, you should view them as businesses. The role of government is to be variance reducing. And the role of business is to be growth maximizing. Solana is more growth maximizing. They treat themselves as something to maximize, you know, I guess, revenue and app revenue. And so now you have a, uh, I mean, that's the same, that's like comparing, um, a utility with Tesla, right? Tesla is a, Matt is a growth stock. A utility is just something that is going to try to reduce variability. Why? Because it empowers other businesses to build on top of that. Right? And so the relationship between, you know, uh, uh, app chains and, and, uh, and Ethereum is actually not parasitic. It's symbiotic because governments need businesses to build on top of them, pay taxes, and businesses need government for law enforcement, for contract enforcement, you know, uh, legal, you know, all of these things, of course, enshrined at the code level. And so I think that's where there's a fundamental kind of misalignment, right? Ethereum's view has always been, we want to be the world computer, but really the infrastructure for the world computer for people can build on top of that. And to do that, our goal is to not maximize revenue. Our goal is to minimize variance. And in that is how you, once you start understanding the difference between those two things, your valuation approach starts to change. Because even if you reduce value variance in, and we use an option to, to value something, lower variance, lower volatility, uh, volatility means the option's worth a lot less. But it means that it's going to be more stable relative to a growth strong. Right. So I think, you know, in that is the big difference. And so now, of course, people are like, oh, it's not growing as fast. Well, it's not supposed to grow as fast. Right. If you change your mindset about it, you treat it like a utility, then, then you're like, okay, I'm happy to take a 5% dividend or whatever the growth is. It's a small, you know, plus the staking yield, et cetera. And, and, but the risk is low, right? So on a risk adjusted basis, I think that's, it's completely fine. Interesting. I like that. Um, I want to take a, stay with you, but take a hard turn and talk about product a little bit. You made a great comment in our prep call that, you know, why do you even need options when you have perps, especially for retail? I can see you smiling like, This is a strong opinion for sure. Um, but, but it's, it's not really an opinion. It's more of like insight. So we've been in this space since 2019. We've, you know, literally built the market for institutions from day one, but from, from a telegram pit. So we've seen, you know, the behavior and why people trade this stuff. And, you know, using Luke stats, 80%, 80, 85% of this market is institution. So the market is growing, but it's growing at the rate at which new institutions enter the market. So, and institutions on average take a long time to jump into something, compliance, internal policies, et cetera. So it is growing, but not as fast. And partly, and why it's kind of, um, why it's ended up this way, like why are only institutions trading? It's, you know, because of what I mentioned when we spoke earlier is that I think perps as a product are just so successful, um, for the following reasons. One, if you think about how perpetuals, uh, the payoff of a perpetual, if you trade them in isolated margin, it looks like an option. Because if you, you know, put down initial margin, if the price goes up, great, you keep it with the leverage. If the price goes down, you lose your initial margin. That acts like effectively like an option. And you're not penalized. You're not, there's no stigma attached. Yeah. If, if it's an isolated margin, if you trade it in cross margin, then it wrecks your whole portfolio. Right. But if you trade it with most retail people like to trade it, you know, isolated, because they're kind of going for, you know, home runs. It's a quarter in the slot machine. Exactly. They're kind of trying to go for home run. Then it feels the payoff looks like an option. And then the, the underappreciated part, and this is the inside piece that I was saying, is if you combine this payoff, this with the fact that, you know, crypto in general has high volatility and high leverage, it starts to simulate gamma, right? Because, you know, gamma is accelerated payoffs. And so if you have something that has the payoff of an option, but then has a super high vol plus high leverage, it starts to feel like gamma. And so, and then of course the liquidity is all condensed into one very liquid instrument. So the combination of all these things makes it a very, it's basically what I like to say, it sucked all the demand for convexity out of the market. And it's like all gone. So Delta traders, gamma traders, everybody trades the perp, right? And so I think that's the reason why it's taking the shine off options a little bit. Right. And, and, and therefore only institutions are, are, are trading it. Who's trading perps on there a bit? HFT, as well as retail, as well as hedge funds. So I, I partially agree with the non. So the, the, the, the perps have been massively successful. Partially it's, it's just the, the leverage exposure. So that's the simple exposure. If you look at the U S options market, it's 50, 60% retail. They trade short dated stuff. That's essentially a low premium options, gambling on tomorrow's, uh, more and more. Yeah. That's a couple of years. Yep. Yep. Should they have been given the option to trade Tesla, uh, perps? Yeah. I think a lot of them would have. So that's his argument, but I think with, again, with no, no penalty for, um, liquidation. Or perhaps with a penalty of liquidation, but I think these people want leverage exposure. So they simply want Tesla cheap and they gamble on tomorrow's close, right? Or whatever the underlying is, and especially the volatile assets. So it's a Bitcoin or whatever crypto asset is a perfect play. Um, but some of them don't. So out of that 50, 60%, some of them actually trades advanced strategies, a cold stress, food stress, volatility, and those people will stay. So I don't think that the market is, is limited by the growth of the institutions. That's partially true because that's simply a proven fact from the past, but by getting, uh, regulated access to the world, which is what we're trying to do. We can reach those people that currently trades, um, these options in the traditional space. We can't market at the moment. So that's what we're filing for. If it, if it allows us to market, let's say in the Netherlands, I'm Dutch in the Netherlands, as an options background, there's, there's countries like Australia, like Brazil that have a rich options history. And our belief is that of course they will trade, uh, crypto options as well. If we offer them an interesting product, they will, of course, some of them will trade perps, but some of them will trade options. So I think the, the growth can be much steeper than it is. Will it reach the same ratios as traditional markets, like the U S spot versus options, et cetera, which is like 50 times growth versus now. I don't think so. They will trade other. The followup to this is like, I actually don't disagree with this view and it fits within what I said because I don't view people as being like, you know, there's, if you imagine the world as like a TAM of a thousand traders, uh, I don't view, uh, the market as being, uh, options traders or futures traders. I view them as like Delta traders, gamma traders, et cetera. That's right. So, you know, or wall traders, right? So the wall traders in the world will trade options. Yeah. So if you're trading something longer term, you're a wall trader, but the gamma chasers, the guys all trading like the very short dated stuff where, you know, $1 down, you know, 50 up, those guys are the people that have been sucked into the perp into it because, you know, effectively, you're chasing gamma, but the wall traders, absolutely. Absolutely. That still remains out there. And I believe options, dated options will do really well effectively for it. But these guys, I think still exist. They're in, in, in, in, um, uh, they're in the perp. I think those guys fundamentally have a different profile than a wall trader. Yeah, I agree. I think for that profile, the product market fit has been absorbed by, by perps, right? People always make the comparison of us single stock options and the ratio of that to spot. I think that's a misnomer. It's not apples to apples comparison. That's a regulatory market structure thing. You cannot trade CFDs in the U S right. Whereas if you look at, I think you made the point on our call, like a while back, Luke, in the UK or in Japan, you don't see the options market being so active. So it, the U S is almost, uh, the exception, not the rule. Right. And so as we get different profiles come in, I don't know, hedge funds that want to trade correlation structures or things like that, maybe this will change and diversify. But perps also did one good thing, which is consolidate liquidity from many, many different contracts. Another thing is that the UX of perps is super easy compared to trading options. Right. The data. It's funny. It's easy, but it was new. Yeah. It's very easy. Yeah. I mean, it's like, you know, one click entry price, exit price and funding. Right. That's your P and L like, you know, what else would you want as a, as a retail person? So I think that combined with what you said, it makes total sense in the liquidity provision. Well, the problem I think you're facing the perps is that it's nice for short term stuff. Right. That's why retail likes it. That's why HFT likes it. But anyone that wants to position for longer term exposure. That's where options I think really shine. Yeah. So the funding, the funding element distorts the P and L completely. Right. So no institution that wants to protect themselves from whatever elections or certain events to happen, none of them will use the perp. So the options will always have a place in the, whatever the world is going to look like five years from now. Right. Because options and futures are the, the, the instruments for ages in any market that, that allow people to, to position themselves for, for that kind of stuff. I'd love to talk about term and breadth, but we have a couple of minutes left. So we are going to talk about index options because you're in my house. S and P zero day till expiration options prove that retail can be attracted to a name and a cash level process and get that same serotonin bump. Index options will be the risk management choice. They'll be instrumental for your business. Absolutely. Where are they going to start? Are they going to start in structured products with on the investment side? Are they going to become a trading instrument? Like, are they going to, uh, attract hedge funds with dispersion strategies, all three? Like what's, what's going to kickstart? What's going to light the fire? Index options or indices in general? Uh, listed index options. Listed index options. So we've, we've had many discussions about this. So I think it's a no brainer that they will be successful at some point. The big question is when and who's the big driver. I think many of us need to be the drivers or not one firm, not only you. It needs to be adopted by the masters. Uh, but my personal opinion is the problem is the success of BTC. So the, the arguments you used will, will, will keep the, the, the, the, the lights focused on BTC, which means that BTC has outperformed any other product last year. And I think it will outperform the other products this year as well. So who will launch structured products or funds or ETFs on a basket that will most likely underperform just the, the, the primary product. That's, I think the struggle. So who will do it? I think all of us will do it. Once the, perhaps the success of Bitcoin, uh, or the dominance or whatever you want to measure, uh, reduces a bit. And ahead of that, we need to be positioned to, to offer it. But I think asking our market makers, can you quote index options today? They will say yes, but the market will be like this. Um, so the, it's a demand and supply, uh, struggle where, uh, the demand needs to be built, perhaps by Shin. Maybe, I think having a broad index is a good start, but then really, I think narrower, more focused indices and structured products on top of that would be healthy for investors to want to get exposure to a thematic basket. Maybe it's a group of layer ones, three to five stocks. It's later scaling solutions. It's, I don't know, liquids, staking tokens, whatever, whatever it is. Um, and then use that wider index as, as a hedging instrument. Structured products on top of that is hard. I think prerequisites would be issuers that have good credit quality. So, you know, ratings or, you know, banks starting to business. We're seeing green shoots, you know, banks getting interested in this area, non-bank, um, issuers that have, you know, good credit ratings starting to do this. So people are willing to go long options and have the issuer take the short side. It's just beginning to happen. But typically I spoke. What about on Paradex, your new DeFi platform for retail? You think you can get people interested in index perps and index options? At some point, yes. I still believe that like the underlying, I think the biggest challenge to index anything is first to get the index itself liquid. Other exchanges have tried this. Like I said, I agree with the view that it will become successful at some point. I just think the aggregate market caps of everything need to improve like a lot more before we can have, you know, liquidity, like enough, enough liquidity on the underlyings to be able to then construct an index on something, you know, above that, right? So, so it's, it's a matter of time, but I definitely think it will happen. Whether it happens in the next six months. I mean, if there is some effort by, you know, like you guys, us, you know, them, then maybe I could see us helping it accelerate in that, in that direction. But like I said, I think a lot, it has, it has a lot to do with how liquid the underlying constituents are. Maybe the majors is a good place to start. Yeah. Because I think that's obviously the lowest hanging fruit, but I'm mainly talking about the stuff that's, you know, tier two, tier three, that I think is a long way off before. So liquidity. Yeah. Narrative. Yeah. Distribution. Yeah. All these things need to happen. And just like you guys, six, seven years ago, you saw something that was inevitable in the future. And now you're here, success stories. This could be a similar path. Yep. Fantastic. Guys, we're out of time. Thank you so much for joining me. That was great. Thanks everyone.