 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the time for the talking to stop and the action to begin. This is Crypto Fight Night Hong Kong. Yeah, indeed. It's fight time. Let's hear it. We got 12 fighters for you today from eight different countries. All crypto dealers, but also fighters. Very competitive in the day job, very competitive in the gym, and they're going to deliver some great fights. This is Crypto Fight Week Hong Kong, the fourth territory that Crypto Fight Week has come to. Let me first introduce on stage, I'm Gareth A. Davis, your main host for the event. But first of all, our ring card girls, the five bonk girls. Ladies and gentlemen, let's hear it for them. They're up here showing their wares and the belts, the two belts that are on the line tomorrow night. What's your name? My name is Angel. Hello, Angel. My name is Kelly. Hi, Kelly. How are you? Who are you? I'm Sin. You're Sin. Wow. Okay. Hello. Hello. I'm Winnie. Hello, Winnie. Winnie or Minnie? Winnie. I'm Toby. Toby. Okay. The two belts are on the line tomorrow night. We're going to meet the fighters in a minute. But part of the presentation team with me for tomorrow night's event at the Hyatt, the Grand Hyatt, our two world champions from the UK. Anthony Krohler, first of all, the former WBA lightweight champion. Anthony, we've done a few of these together now, Crypto Fight Nights. How exciting is it to watch these people deliver what balls they've got to go into the ring? I'm very excited. It's Crypto Fight Night. It's always an amazing night, packed full of action. And it's good to see the fighters' hard work be rewarded on the night and the fans will be in for a treat. You are a brilliant fighter. You fought some of the greatest in your era. The WBA lightweight champion, world champion, Anthony Krohler, ladies and gentlemen. Let's hear it for him. Take your position over there. And believe it or not, a women's world champion, the WBA lightweight world champion, who Anthony trains, believe it or not, the one and only Rhiannon Dixon. I'm a G-Bit and I'm a super fan. Snatching ground. Hi, Rhiannon. Great to see you. Hi. Thanks for having me. Now, it's your first commentary job. It's not your first rodeo in fight sports, but you've been very impressed. You met all the fighters today. What did you think of them? They got balls or not? Oh, yeah. Definitely huge, huge balls. But no, I'm just really excited to be here. I think it's going to be fireworks tomorrow night. Take your position, your best side over there on the left, of course. And the man who's responsible for this, Rahul Suri. Now, Rahul, you are the co-founder of Gaff Capital, one of the sponsors of your own events, which is not a bad thing. You're also the founder of Crypto Fight Week. You've gone to four territories so far. You started off in Dubai, you came to London, you went to Singapore, and now you're in Hong Kong. What a roadmap, and is there more to come? So, Gareth, as you know, Crypto Fight Night goes around the world. Hong Kong is our latest stop. It's a fantastic event that's coming out tomorrow night here at the Grand Hyatt. And with that, with ConsenSys, as an amazing partner who's helped us put this together, next stops include, as you know, Paris. They include Dubai. They include Las Vegas. So you're going to see Crypto Fight Night coming again and again every six weeks, every four weeks. And it's going to be a fantastic place for a lot of people to get involved. And overall, I think, you know, the team, the fighters, the partners, everyone who's put this together, it's phenomenal to go from in the space of crypto to create a boxing, sports, entertainment product, business, program, and to see it now at a global stage is a fantastic... Does the addiction... Crypto world is very addictive. Does boxing have the same addiction for you? Crypto Fight Night definitely does. We've got 12 great fighters. You've got some great sponsors as well. Bonk, the girls representing, Selfchain, Zigchain, Gaff, and Trojan, all at the event tomorrow night. Correct. So our sponsors and partners have always come out, supported the event, been there with us, and we couldn't be prouder of their involvement with the show. And we look forward to giving them everything they deserve with the exposure of Crypto Fight Night. What you're doing is absolutely brilliant in this space. I've been involved in fight sports for over three decades, presenting, writing, and all those kind of things, interviewing. And I think what you're doing is unique, and it's certainly unique in this space. And I think you're a market leader. You're the first to market. Let's give a big round of applause for the man who's made this possible. Thanks, guys. You're welcome, sir. Right, let's get this way and underway. Let's have Samson Yu and the commission up here to deliver the weights for our 12 fighters. You all right, Samson? All good. And what's that in Chinese? No problem. No problem. No problem. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. Hey. Okay. Let's get our weighing underway. Our first guys to come up and weigh in a heavyweight bout, Boban Zivkovic, known as Sugar. Now I do what I want. Now I do what I want. Now I do what I want. Now I do what I want. 97.6 kilos heavyweight. Take your position there for a minute, Sugar. And his opponent, just take your position there. And his opponent tomorrow night, Jack Poor. Jack Arabatlyan from Armenia. 100.7 kilos if you'd like to face off, gentlemen. That ain't no Rawley bitches to the Frank Mueller. Yeah, Frank Mueller. Boy, I start on the bottom. Huh? Made my way to top. Boy, I'm gonna keep winning. Good guy. I'm gonna fuck you up, bro. Bro. Good luck. Okay, if you'd like to speak to Anthony, Sugar. Sugar, you've trained hard for this. Jack here, he's up for it tomorrow. Prediction for tomorrow night, Sugar. I think I can take, I know I can take a punch. I don't know if he can. I think I hit a bit harder, longer reach. And I can probably translate my weight better into, you know, actual power. So I think I got him by knockout. I don't know which round. I'm not a clear boy on, but it's gonna be fun. So a Sugar KO prediction. Rhiannon. First time stepping off the scales. How are you feeling tonight? Feeling excited. It's gonna be a tough match. Both of us are almost the same. Zero experience. I'm not understatementing my opponent. But anything can happen in the ring. You cannot expect it. You know, whatever comes, you never expect what's going to happen. So good luck. Let the best man win. Yep, good luck. Let's just get you back together then, guys. Final word with each other. Can you stand right here on either side of the scale, please? Rahul. Put that on my block. Used to want a four-door. Now I want that drop. Yeah, now I do what I want. Now I do what I want. Now I do what I want. Now I do what I want. Now I do what I want. Now I do what I want. That's Sugar against Jackpaw. Thank you, gentlemen. Our heavyweight bout of the evening. And we have another heavyweight bout in the next contest between White Boy Summer and NFT Kid. White Boy Summer. This is Gregory Reyes, who's 0-2 from the USA. Gregory Reyes, White Boy Summer. Here he is. Used to look like Tarzan with long hair. He's shone it all off. He's up against a very tough guy tomorrow night. White Boy Summer. Keith Berry weighed in at 90.7. If you'd like to have a first face-off here, guys, either side of the scales. She's gonna suck me like a fucking high seat. Chains on the neck for the whole team. And I feel like Gucci with the ice cream. And my bitch want the 50, not the Maybelline. I'm the black JB, the way these bitches scream. Make the bitch scream. You've given a lot in the ring, Keith. I got a full tank. I'm excited, bro. I'm excited you showed up. NFT, will you speak to Anthony Krolla for a moment, please? You can come back together in a moment, guys. NFT Kid, fight night's almost there. Tell me how ready you are. Look, first of all, Hong Kong is so beautiful. Such a diverse city. Rich in culture. I fucking love it here. You guys are amazing. So kind. But I'm gonna bring some blood to this city tomorrow. It's gonna be his blood. So come watch the fight. Nice stuff. And Rhiannon with White Boy Summer. So you both come in in incredible shape. Can I get a prediction for tomorrow? Yeah, I'm looking to knock you out, Keith. Yeah. I'll say it too. No. No, I haven't. I haven't fought for 20 years. He hasn't even knocked anyone out. You think he's gonna knock me out? Yeah, I am. I am. You'll see. Yeah. Let's bring you together again then, guys, please. Plenty of venom here between these two. Rahul. Last words, guys. Yeah, nothing to say. We're ready to go. They are ready to go, ladies and gentlemen. Can you just face out, please, gents? To the camera, guys. Ooh, okay. That's White Boy Summer on the left here. An NFT kid tomorrow night. USA versus USA. Two gentlemen fighters. Thank you very much, gentlemen. We shall see you tomorrow night. And no scrapping in the back there, please. Next up, we have another heavyweight fight between W. Wakram Singh and Grimace Eric Stephen Veli. W, please make your way to the scales. W. Wakram Singh from India weighed in at 96.9 kilos. Let's hear it for W, everybody. And his opponent, he's known as Grimace. He's a lawyer in the crypto world. Eric Stephen Veli. She's the only thing that I like. You ain't got no life. Nah. Nah. Cups with the ice, and we do this every night. 96.6 kilos. Guys, if you'd just like to face off beside the scales here for a moment, please. You got anything to say at the moment? Good luck to you, brother. Good luck to you, brother. But it's not gonna be easy. It's not gonna be easy. W, if you'd like to come over and speak to Anthony Kroler. Eric, if you'd like to go to Rhiannon. W, we've seen what Grimace is about. He's coming off the KO of the year on Crypto Fight Night. You believe you've got the skills all to cause him trouble? First of all, none of that matters. The thing is, the thing, us Crypto Boys, we can't really fight. I'm gonna prove everyone wrong. All of us, we're gonna put up some really good fights. The whole world is gonna respect us Crypto Boys from the 28th. That's all that matters to me. Hey, respect. Like Anthony said, you got knockout of the year last year. Are you looking to do the same this year and starting with tomorrow night? I'm looking to show my improvement. I've been working really hard for the camp and working with guys at Summer Fight Club and Forge Fitness. And I think you're gonna see a really good performance tomorrow night. Amazing. Good luck. Eric, you're always in fascinating fights. They tend to be bloodbaths. They tend to be knockouts. You go down and get up. Do you think it's gonna be like that against W tomorrow night? Every fight I'm in is a messy fight. It's gonna be messy tomorrow. And W, you said you're gonna knock him out tomorrow night. I hope not that bad, but I do plan to. Great, guys. Thank you very much. Our heavyweight bout tomorrow night. Yeah, like I live twice. I don't got no type. Now our CFN Crypto Fight Night title fight. The first of two. You see the belts here. Someone's claiming these belts tomorrow night. We have at middleweight, the Iron Brit, Elliot Ledsham Griffiths against the Phoenix BL, a major star from Brazil. Gabriel Araraujo Marins Rodriguez. It's a middleweight bout. The Iron Brits and the Phoenix BL. Here he is, the Iron Brit. The Iron Brit. Elliot weighed in at 68.3 kilos. And it's time for the Phoenix to rise. It's the Phoenix BL himself. Woo! And it's up and it's stuck just like Cardi said. Same faces around me and it's Harley first. Saying how you doing but you hardly dead. Fibbing on the ground, yeah, you probably is. Ballin' like it's game time. Lock in when it's game time. Yeah, I'm ballin' like it's game time. Lock in when it's game time. BL weighed in at 69.7 kilos. It makes it a middleweight bout. Gents, if you can now face off beside the scales here. Just come back a little, gents. That's it. Lock in when it's game time. Lock in when it's game time. Yes, sir. Pull up from the logo like it's game time. Let's fucking go, man. We're running for a belt. Let's go. Brazil's in the house. My boy. Let's go, bro. Yes, sir. They both look in fantastic shape. Just pose for the photos, please, gents. Close deal. Me plus me. That's a whole lot of money. Wake up in the morning. Yeah, I'm Britt. If you'd like to go to Anthony and BL to Rhiannon. Thank you. Anthony. Yeah, I'm Britt. I know there's a lot of respect between you and BL. But tomorrow, are you ready to leave it all in there to win that belt? He's a nice guy, but I'm going to have to smash your head clean in tomorrow. Simple as that. That's how it's going to go. You're looking in great shape. You look like an amazing camp. He's just said he's going to smash your head in tomorrow. What have you got to say to that? Good luck to him. I mean, we're fighting for a belt. Didn't came all the way to Hong Kong to lose this, so I'm giving everything I got. It's going to be a pretty cool fight, I'm very sure. Come on, guys. Let's get you back together again one more time. There's heat between you. Rahul. Let's go. Are you ready? You sure? Fucking ready, man. I'm here. Let's go. Let's go. Let's do this. Let's do this. Good luck. Let's do it. Ladies and gentlemen, the Iron Brit against the Phoenix BL for the CFN title fight at middleweight tomorrow night. Let's hear it for them. Thank you, gentlemen. No fighting backstage, please. Up next in the super middleweight division, Dawood Savage against my mate, Nate. Two great characters from the influencer world. Gentlemen, Dawood Savage. Dawood Savage. Dawood Savage weighed in at 74.4 kilograms in this super middleweight bout. His opponent, a star from America based in Thailand, my mate, Nate. Nathan Bartling. Nathan Bartling. If you're down in my management, I'm just warming up a weight a lot. Settling. Open this is all the numbers one. Settling. Different colors in my baggy light. Chalk it up. Talk of the town where you're talking up. Wanna get you a ringer. You tough enough. Wanna get you new things where your pockets are. And my mate Nate weighed in at 75.5 kilograms. If you guys would like to face off either side of the scales there, please, gentlemen. Ready for a good fight? Ready for a good fight, bro. Awesome. It's gonna be interesting. Very interesting. I'm ready to throw down. I mean, I'm representing Thailand. The land of smiles. Right now, I might be smiling, but in the ring tomorrow. I'm ready to throw down. Respect, respect. Awesome. Thanks, man. Our super middleweights, my mate Nate and Dawood Savage, pledging to lay down tomorrow night with their hands, of course. My mate Nate, if you'd like to go to Rhiannon, Dawood, to Anthony. Anthony, over to you. Dawood Savage, a bit of a veteran on the Crypto Fight Night. I've seen you in action a few times. Are we gonna see a more improved Dawood Savage? On tomorrow night, are we going for the upset? No doubt. No doubt. Definitely, definitely, we're gonna go for the upset. I'm really, really desperate to get this upset. InshaAllah, we won't let you guys down. So your opponent's been in with a few big names in boxing. Does that give you any pressure or motivation to put on a performance tomorrow? Yeah, he's been way more active than I have. He's got more experience in the ring, but experience isn't everything. So I'm ready. I trained hard with my trainer from the Box Thailand, and I got my snacks. The best potato chips in the world, and we're ready to throw down tomorrow. There you go, guys. They're mates. They're savages, and they will throw down tomorrow night. Dawood Savage and my mate Nate. Thank you, gentlemen. Round of applause for them, please, everybody. They're gonna entertain you tomorrow night. Our main event of the evening for another crypto fight night title belt at the Grand Hyatt tomorrow. A huge fight between two guys who've known each other a long time. They've already been fighting in the hotel in the last couple of days. They've been scrapping it out. They don't like each other. They say they respect each other, but they don't. We've got the Korean Jew, Jake Bavel, against crypto bitlord Randall Tominy at light heavyweight. The Korean Jew will make his entrance. Jake Bavel from the USA. Korean Jew has brought his family out here with him. He's 1-0 in crypto. A fine performance. They're both fighting for the vacant belt, and he weighed in at 80.9 kilograms. His opponent from Australia, Randall Tominy, crypto bitlord. We don't pay that no mind. Didn't need to wash them on it. I'll be here in no time. Put a candle on it. Had to tell them they could blow mine. Lights, camera, action, A shows line. Rock it up, rock it up. I got a bit of the bank to make me a safe house. And crypto bitlord weighed in at 82.6 kilos in this light heavyweight bout. Gents, gents, if you'd like to face off. Go back. Go back. If you'd like to face off either side of the scales. Thank you. Tell them all to stay calm. There's been a lot of tension around the hotel all week. You're ready to go, you two, eh? Talk. Stop now. Talk. How are you feeling? You know what's coming tomorrow. You're not prepared. Your coaches can't prepare you enough. You're going to feel it tomorrow. The first round, the power's coming. Okay. We'll see. I'm here. I'm ready to go. Easy work. Good. Good. Good. Good. Dits of Greece. You're here. Right. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good.'s. Ow. Anthony, you're with Korean Jew, which is his trading name, of course. Korean Jew, there's a lot on the line tomorrow. The belt, there's a little bit of dislike. How confident are you tomorrow? You do your family proud, and you take that belt home. This guy's not going to whoop me in front of my kids. It's not happening. I'm very confident, and I think it's going to be a great show. I'm excited. A win. A win an inside the distance of points, however it may come. I'm going to win any way I can, whatever it is. It seems like there's a lot of venom in this fight. Can you give us a prediction on how you win tomorrow? Hey, first round, second round, third or fourth, however I like it. I'll drag him wherever the hell I want. So I just hope you're going to be ready for it. It's going to surprise you. I'm telling you now, it's going to come. The first time I touch you, you're going to feel it. The coaches, they cannot prepare you for this shit, man. The last fight I saw, you're running around, dancing like this. Every time you do that, you're coming into that. You're coming into that. Bang, bang. All right. Good. See? Okay, let's face you off one more time. No punches. Let's feel the energy, gents. Final message for each other. See you tomorrow, brother. We're going to put on a show. It really looks like it. Thank you, gentlemen. If you could just face out to the front one more time. Great energy between these two. Let's hear it for them. They're going to lay down tomorrow night and let their hands go. They both look in fantastic shape. A light heavyweight bout and a great handshake there. The Korean Jew against Crypto Bitlords. My thanks to Rhiannon, to the Bonk Girls, to Rahul Suri, to Anthony Krola. Final message. The gold ticket are sold out for tomorrow night, but there are 50 more available now on Ticketflap.com at the Hyatt, and you can stream the event for free 8 p.m. local time from here. It is truly huge entertainment on the Crypto Fight Week platforms on X and on the YouTube channel. We will see you tomorrow night. Thank you.