 What up Hong Kong are we still awake or what? There's just one person that's awake. What up Hong Kong are we still up or what? There we go, there we go, there we go. I got a good crew for you all today. This crew is assembled to tell you that NFTs are not dead. This is why they put this panel together. Everybody's so focused on meme coins, but Argentina canceled those. Millet put meme coins on hold for a little bit, I think, until the next government decides to rock their industry. But for now, this one, we're going to throw NFTs. It's going to be refreshing. Bring the NFT meta back. Don't we want that back? First, let's start with a little introduction. So from my left, why don't you start? My name is Joseph. I'm a co-founder of ModHouse. ModHouse is a startup company which aims to revolutionize entertainment industry using blockchain technology. So we are an entertainment company and also a platform company. As an entertainment company, we manage Tripless and Artemis as our artists. And we developed and operating Cosmo as our platform. Great to see you. So if you're not a paid bank anduju mucho community, we don't know if you're here to reach out to make competing lÉ later. Yeah. So let's begin with this. Thank you. and we do everything from publishing to sales and to applications for individual creators. Hi, my name is Elroy, co-founder and CEO of ARK. ARK's a Web3 collective born out of Asia. Our core activities are investments, project incubation, advisory, more crypto-native stuff like notes, Genesis notes. Trying to create a digital-first institution born out of a highly aligned community. So one thing that's cool about this panel, obviously we were chatting behind the scenes earlier, is that one thing I have in common is NFTs, right? I got into the industry thanks to NFTs and it was a blessing. And then of course to the bear market, sadly, like most coins, right? A lot of the NFTs fell off and a lot of the communities kind of died. But you guys are still out here. There are real builders and NFTs, they're real humans. They're sitting next to me. And you get so bullish on technology. And people often ask me, Farouk, Farouk, are NFTs dead? Why would they be dead? It's a technology, right? So I kind of want to hear from your perspective, how do you use this technology? Because what you were saying earlier about the K-pop stuff is really freaking cool. So why don't you tell people how you guys use NFTs in order to revolutionize not just commerce, but just community building, fan building? Yeah. How it works? We ask fans to decide all the decision makings related to our artist activities. So if you buy NFTs, you can have utility token, which you can use it as a voting right. So our NFT looks like this. So this is kind of a digital photo card. And this is ERC-721. But if you buy this, you can also get utility token ERC-20 to use it for deciding all the decision makings. Like you can choose which member will be participating in next album production. Or you can decide title song of next album. So if you decide it, we make it. And that's how it works. And so what are some of the... Do you want to name drop maybe some of the artists you work with? AirDrop? Yeah, name drop. Like who are some of the artists that you guys work with? Oh, we have our own IPs, Triple S and Artemis on our platform. But we're trying to expand it to other artists as well. But now it's a proof of concept with our own artists. And we also drop all the NFTs if you participate offline events or if you go to a concert. So you can also get it by participating those events. So NFTs in the sense for you guys, you approach it more like to be able to have a skin in the game. Right. Right. So voting on the next song name is pretty cool. Right. Right. Thank you. I like the idea of that. But also merch, just access ticketing. So what NFTs originally were kind of meant to be, right? Beyond those collectibles. You know, Manifold side, I mean, it's been a minute since we've seen each other. My fellow Canadian brother. You know, but you guys are killing it. I mean, you guys are still very active. I remember 2021, I think everything minted on Manifold. Like, I don't know, like almost every, at least on the art side. So what have you guys been up to this cycle? So I do think NFTs, as you know it, are dead. Right. They're dead. Anyone who thinks that NFTs are going to make a comeback and 2021 is going to come back, that's not happening. Right. And the people who think or are waiting for that to come back or think that there's some rotation to that market coming back, you know, that's just not happening. What we saw in 2021, where, you know, you had artists essentially auctioning new one-of-ones every day, and you had collectors tripping over themselves to bid on these one-of-ones, as awesome and fun as that was and as much attention as that brought to the space, I really don't think that we should be betting on that to come back. Right. What's more interesting, though, is that that era of NFTs created, I would say, like, quite a lot of content and a lot of provenance for what we'll say maybe is like the beginning of this type of internet. Like, a good example is, you know, last month, an artist named Rafiq Anadol. He's from L.A. He does 3D-generated pieces. He works with Google. He does AI-generated pieces on large-scale data. He sold a piece on the secondary market for $900,000. That's huge. I mean, we're not talking about that in the mainstream anymore, but that's still a, you know, like, that's a phenomenal amount of money. He minted that piece in 2021. Yeah. That was four years ago. Right? So what you're seeing is now, what's really interesting is it's like the maturation of these digital assets. And that's what you want to see. Right? It's like you don't want to see a rush of primary issuance and primary sales if we really do believe that digital assets carry their weight. You want to see that over time. Right? And in the same way, like, you know, you may buy a nice watch. You don't expect that to appreciate and flip that every other day. That makes sense for highly liquid and highly fungible assets. But if we're talking about NFTs, right, by the very definition, they're not supposed to be flipped at that frequency. You really want, like, fine wine for these assets to appreciate. And so our view is we're building the tools that enable individual creators to publish these assets and really reset expectations on what valuable assets on-chain look like. And it's not just going to be a JPEG tied or a token tied to an off-chain JPEG. Right? And there's a lot of, like, you know, it's still very early innings. I like to say that we're still in the dial-up era of the blockchain. Right? I said that, like, I think I said that three years ago. I think we're probably at this point at the, I'd call it, like, the AOL age of blockchain. You think? Right? You still think we're there? I mean, for those old enough to remember, like, AOL was when, you know, most of America got online via, like, a CD. Yeah. Put it in your computer. Right? And that was your way to get online. And that's not that dissimilar to what's happening right now. You know, you download, like, Phantom or you download, what have you, Coinbase. There's only a few wallets. But that's the majority of the consumer's portal to on-chain applications, which, again, to me, reminds me a lot of AOL days. Right? Right? And likely the future is one where you're going to have a much more broader and diverse range of products and interesting services whereby the consumer isn't thinking about the physical ability to gain. get on-chain. Right? You know, the internet works because it's an opt-out technology. It's embedded in everything. Right now, the blockchain is still an opt-in technology. Right. You have to get the CD or the hardware or the wallet to participate. It's going to be much more interesting when we get into an opt-out phase, is my view. I love that. And so on a different tangent, Elroy, I mean, I always have an ARC member. So I got my NFT. So why did you guys choose that route? And I know that, obviously, you can't mint anymore, right? It's 888 of them. They're minted out. How have you used NFTs to build, like, this community of yours? Yeah. So I guess for us at ARC, we took a lot of inspiration from Balaji's network state theory in the early days. I think when we first started looking at me and my co-founder, it wasn't even called network state. It was called how to build a cloud country. But the definition of network state is that digital community align in purpose. Because there's alignment, it creates a high capacity of collective action. And he goes on to say that this digital community will crowdfund for territories in the real world and ultimately become nation states. That's the part of the way I ignore it because I'm Singaporean. But essentially, people are your product. So for me at ARC, NFTs for us is to build community brand culture and create the first bit of alignment. Then fungible tokens down the line is to coordinate our members towards a common goal. I am building a digital first institution. So for those that don't know, actually, most of ARC are non-retail. I think about 73, 74% non-retail. So people are actively investing, working in the space. I basically create opportunities for them where incentive alignment is made. And they do work for us. So, you know, we have this ethos and ARC. Give value to receive value, contribute to, you know, like blah, blah, blah. We... So, yeah. NFTs alignment for us. NFTs down the line is a form of a reputation as well when the fungible token is out. But I guess we do use it in a different way as to how other people do it. I mean, NFTs, in my opinion, are like the best way to build community, right? I think that's why we saw this cycle versus last cycle. Like the meme coin versus the NFT. I feel like it's harder to rally behind just the coin, which is just an image most of the time. Versus, like let's say, 10,000 unique NFTs, right? So, in your case, why... Because you could have a governance token for what you do and you vote on the next song, whatever. But why did you choose NFT specifically? Because... Because... K-pop fans, they like to collect their merchandise. And we pick this little photo card to make it as an NFT because they do like to have physical... Collect all the physical merchandise, but we change it to digital assets so that they can get to know that this is an asset. And you don't need to buy the physical one. So, it's more environmental friendly and you can get this still in your wallet. And this is why we have those NFTs and also the utility token to make it as a governance token so that you can actually participate in all the decision makings. So, that's why we have ERC-721 and also ERC-20 on our platform. So, where are you guys minting your NFTs? What chain? Polygon. A polygon? Yeah. And so, how many... What's the size of the collection right now? So far, we have minted 5 million NFTs. Oh, shit. Hold on. And... You call them NFTs? Yeah, 5 million. But do you market them as NFTs? Yeah, good question, actually. Do you market them as such? No, no, no. So, how do you market it? We have our own YouTube channel and we have about 2.8 million subscribers on our YouTube channel. So, all the NFT sales is from the contents that our artists make. But do they call them NFTs? No, we call them object, which is the word within our universe. How do you market NFTs nowadays, right? Because a lot of people are trying to abstract... Abstracting crypto is a new big thing, right? This cycle. It's like how to make people feel like they're not using crypto. And also, there's so much hate. Last cycle, NFTs was like the most hated thing in the fucking world. Like, it was like, oh my God. It was like... Talking about NFTs was as if you were the devil itself. But it's just technology. How have you found this cycle? Well, how do you market it? Like an MP3. Right. You market the song. Right. Right. So, it depends on what the content is. Yes. Right? And so, we don't actually encourage any terminology. But it's up to the creator and the producer of such goods to name their product. And I think we're going to be moving past the three-letter acronyms. That's a necessary evolution, right? And so, for instance, calling them objects. Object is great. That makes sense. Thank you. What do you call it in Korean? It's the literal translation object. Right, right. Object. Yeah. Yeah. So, it makes sense. I like that too. Yeah. Have you seen more appetite recently in NFTs after all this meme coin mania? We're seeing... We're seeing... So, Manifold has a... Most people know Manifold as both a publishing framework for self-deploying contracts. Yeah. So, we made our name in the space as... You know, like Jay-Z published his very first NFT using Manifold contracts. Right. So, he deployed it from his own wallet. Yeah. He published the token. He sold it with Sotheby's. But many people don't realize that also Manifold actually operates the only zero-fee commission on-chain marketplace. So, you can sell... You can list, sell, and auction digital goods with Manifold. Zero-fee. And why is that though? And the reason is because for us the marginal cost for selling a digital asset on-chain is essentially zero. And so, we thought that it would make sense long-term if there were just more retailers of what I'll call digital fine goods. Right. And to incentivize that, we wanted to see more retailers come online. And the tools they would need to sell things would be a marketplace product. So, we actually deployed our smart contracts across the major chains that allow anyone to stand up their own marketplace or retail experience. And what we've actually seen in the past six months has been actually an increase in private sales. I noticed that too. A lot of the big marketplaces that became like OTC desks almost for art. Correct. Super rare. Correct. Foundation pivoted to even social media, I think, with Rodeo. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, so like at least with Manifold, we've been actually quite clear about us not pivoting to a social media network. Yeah. Or not pivoting to supporting meme coins. Yeah. Because we're squarely focused on productive goods and digital fine objects. Right. And so, it's not surprising that like we're seeing an increase in private sales because these are objects that have been, again, probably minted many, many years ago now. Yeah. The interesting thing is our space is quite young, four or five years. Right. It's nothing. For non-fungible goods. Right. If you think about it in the long term, what are values that you desire personally? If you go on eBay or if you go on any, you know, like you go to any auction. Yeah, like vintage clothing. Right. Vintage clothing. Vintage watches. Right. They get more valuable as time moves on. Yeah. Right. And for extremely high value goods, in the real world, there are, you know, for high value goods, like oftentimes these are brokered behind closed doors. Because oddly enough, counterintuitively, you actually don't want that much price transparency or transparency in the pricing of these objects for extremely high value goods. Right. Especially if they're, you know, status oriented or just mostly perceived based. And so it's not surprising that we're seeing more of these private sales. It kind of lines up with the narrative that as time goes on, these objects get more valuable behind closed doors. Yeah. No, that makes a lot of sense. Inside Rafiq sale, that was what, Christie's last week for nearly a million dollars, I think, speaks volumes to that. It's probably going to resell in five more years for five times the price and on and on and on. It's all going to be mint on a manifold. Elroy, question for you. I think everybody's just tired this week. Hong Kong, man, I got to tell you, Hong Kong always does me inside out, man. I love this place, but I can only handle it one week at a time. Elroy, a lot of communities died during the bear market. And it was just unsustainable. They came, they went. People are stuck with their NFTs. But yours is not. You guys consistently have remained very relevant in the industry. I mean, everywhere you go where there's token or in Singapore here, there's always like a cool ARK event. Or I always, you know, people come up to me, oh, yo, I'm also an ARK member. Like, I think that's something that I like about your community, right? How have you managed to keep that relevance in the space when there's so much going on? Like, I feel like people jump community to community so much. What's the secret sauce? I guess when people buy NFTs, especially in the early days, like 2020, 2021, what was it? Like BAYC or Zuki when they first submitted it? There was only a single value stream that the holders perceived. So capital gains from selling. That was the early days. I think you guys remember when NFTs went down? There was one NFT that just kept going up. It was Pudgy Penguin. Yeah. And my rationale, my response to that is because Pudgy Penguin actually had a secondary narrative of value trickle in that royalties from the merge sale. Yeah. So I guess turning back to ARK, for us, we have that aspect of capital gains from NFT sale, but actually ours is not that strong because we have a SoBank token. So when you have a SoBank token packed to your membership NFT, it actually restricts sales. It restricts traders or region volume. But we curate our members. So we have 88 members. My team actually talks to a member every single day. And what we do is that we try to create a feedback loop and understand what do our members perceive as value. So we know all our members are growth minded. So our members are primarily investors and builders in the Web3 space. So what do they want? They want access to make money. Yeah. They want access to opportunities like advisory deals, incubation deals, so on and so forth. They want access to unique lifestyle experiences or an upgrade in a status. So we understand all of that. And we actually deliver consistently, deliver that to them. So bear market hits. We have other value streams that come up. I think this year is going to be a bit different. At the start of the year, I give a company roadmap internally to my team. I was like, the main value that we have to deliver is, for the lack of better words, making money. But yeah, multiple value streams for us. Yeah. And proper curation of the right type of people who suit that motivations. But that requires just like constant handling, right? Yeah. Because you guys never stop, pretty much. You always have someone active within the community taking care of. Yeah. I mean, the good thing about us is because of the curation. So for example, right now in ConsenSys, we have almost 200 members here. Wow. Out of the 888. And it shows that our curation was done right. Like, actually, every single blockchain conference in Asia, every major blockchain conference in Asia, all the founders are in ARK. And every single one is attended by minimum 100 over right now. So that is value to them. Coming here, mingling, networking, finding opportunities. So we try to be that glue. Our relevance are very important. Question. What's next for you guys in that front? Because now, are you trying to expand outside of Asia? Because right now you guys are based in Korea. Correct me if I'm wrong. Right. Is that your only market? Or are you trying to expand to outside? Do you think that model will work outside of where you are? Currently, about 80% of our revenue is from outside of Korea. Oh, wow. 80% is from outside of Korea. Right, right. Jeez. 20% from Korea. But we're still expanding with our internal IPs. Having more IPs internally. And also, expanding this platform to other related industry is our plan for next year. So when you onboard IPs to work with you guys on the NFT stuff, are they worried about crypto and the use of blockchain? We haven't reached out yet. But that will be one of the barriers that can be harder for them to participate in this platform. But because we cover it within our universe, they don't link it directly to NFTs. And that's one reason why they can be part of our system as well. I like that. I like that. This is interesting. You guys said in the back you work with a really big group, no? What's their name? Triple S. Triple S? Yeah. Yeah, did you date someone from Triple S? You probably did, huh? Of course you did. Triple S is the hashed one, right? Yeah. Okay, okay. Invested. Bye. Wow. You guys know Triple S? Any Triple S fans here? Yes. I see you guys. There you go. I got to listen to more K-pop. I feel like I'm missing out. You know what I mean? Like K-pop NFTs. Shit's popping here. Five million NFTs. That's nuts, dude. That's so wild. Let me ask you, on the manifold side, where do you see this space grow now? I mean, I feel like we're in a weird space. It's like, you know, in the middle child type phase? Like you said, there was like AOL, early days. I feel like we're not so much in the early days. But maybe the tech is still? I mean, like I said, it's been like at most four or five years. Yeah. But NFTs have been long. Yeah. I guess, yeah. I mean, I think shit's going to get really weird soon. Yeah. Pardon? It's going to get weird. It's going to get real weird. And it's not just because of NFTs. It's not just because of crypto. Right? Like we have the most surprising, and maybe not to some of y'all, but we've had agents minting with manifold. Right? So we now have like machines minting tokens. Really? Sure. Yeah, absolutely. Oh, yeah. Like actual art. Yeah, absolutely. We had an AI mint and open edition back in September. Sold a couple hundred editions of a completely AI-generated piece of work. Wow. Yeah, it's going to get weird. It's going to get weird. Yeah. I think it already is, right? Yeah. Do you think we're going to see NFT investment vehicles? Like, you know how there's ETFs for, obviously, Bitcoin, Ethereum. I think this morning there was some news about XRP even getting approved almost. There's Solana coming up. Bitwise has a Dogecoin ETF. Do you think we're going to see like NFT-specific ETFs? Why not? Yeah. I think that could get interesting. Would you buy? No. Really? I don't know, man. Like, I got a lot of NFTs left in my graveyard. I thought we were all excited waiting for like a Pudgy Penguin's ETF or something like that. Pudgy would be fire. That's what I mean. I feel like Pudgy Penguin would hit because like, but that's because Luka and stuff have like huge reach outside of just crypto, right? I think NFTs in general haven't really made out the masses. Most people just think NFTs are 10,000 collectible on chain. But like, okay, so there are real life analogies. There are companies that try to allow the retail investor to buy into, you know, like a fine wine sort of fund or a fine art sort of fund. Is that really interesting? I mean, they exist. But in the zeitgeist, is that interesting? I'm not sure. I think people want to actually own stuff. And I think the real interesting thing about NFTs, and again, I think in the near future, we're not going to call them that, right? It's, you're not going to, you know, you don't download Spotify to listen to MP3s. But, you know, the idea of digital ownership is here to stay, right? Yeah. Like we've been accustomed to digital ownership for well over 25 years. Everyone, most people here own a web domain. Right. That's digital ownership. That's the original NFT. And so the idea of digital ownership is not foreign. It's just the type of products that you can own that are slowly making their way into the general consumer's mind, which is why it's exciting because we just haven't experimented with that surface area very much yet. But find JPEGs from 2021 are sort of like the first vehicle whereby, you know, the average person may think like, oh, that's, that's, that's not as abstract as owning a domain name. Yeah. So I do think it'll be interesting to see the new types of products that consumers will understand. You know, like you ask the average person, like how they feel about buying a home or real estate. It's very much out of reach at this point. Like it's going to get weird. The future is really weird. Right. But everyone craves some form of ownership. It's sort of like it's baked into us. Always. So the real promise, I think, of productive block space is to allow the average person to feel some form of ownership. Yeah. However it is, maybe it's a K-pop NFT. Maybe it's, you know, access to an, to like a very exclusive club. But people want intrinsically to have some form of ownership. And that's what this is about. I agree. Yeah. Elroy, any alpha before we take off on something next for ARK? Like what? NFT alpha? Anything. Anything going on with ARK that you want the people to know? ARK? I'm not thinking about ARK. You got to join ARK. Come on. I'm in. I'm good. I'm set. I'm comfy. ARK is supporting Asian builders. Anyone who has a project. We basically backed all sorts of projects all the way from consumer crypto all the way to infra as well. People think about us as a networking lifestyle club. But actually that's not the case. This year we are going full steam ahead with incubation stuff. So anyone who has interesting projects, deals, please talk to me I guess. Yeah. Okay. That's awesome. Any last words? Anything you want to talk about before we take off? Nothing? Just check it out? Where can we find your NFTs? What's the website? You can go to the App Store. App Store? And type Cosmo. It's actually pretty cool that it's all the App Store and that it's all like crypto. Because usually App Store historically have been pretty rocky. So 5 million NFTs on chain in the App Store. That's really good. Congrats. Manifold, what about you guys? Something you're excited about in the future? We've got a pretty fun announcement for our next generation of products coming up next week. All right. This is an announcement. Announcement, announcement. We love this in crypto. All right. All right. That's it ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for coming here today. Appreciate y'all. Thank you.