 Hi, all right. Thanks for spending some time with us. I'm John Cahill. I run Asia for Galaxy Digital. We're a global diversified financial services company doing only crypto stuff, everything from Bitcoin mining to asset management to advisory and all points in between. Quickly introduce the panelists. Go ahead. Yeah. Hello, everyone. My name is Elodie DeMarcushore. I'm Chief Operating Officer at Keiko. Keiko is a leading data provider and index provider for the crypto businesses. Anything from pre-trade, trade, post-trade, and risk, we can support you with data solutions. Hi, everyone. Nicky Arias-Singer, lead business development for Chainlink in APAC, based in Sydney, Australia. We essentially have two sides to our business. One is very focused on Web3 and DeFi, particularly around enabling data feeds to the pricing of assets in a decentralized, secure, and reliable way. As well as also engaging with traditional finance, such as commercial banks, central banks, and asset managers. And particularly enabling cross-chain transactions between blockchain securely and reliably. Great to be here. Cool. So our topic here is finding alpha. That's kind of, as a trader, that's really all our job is, is to find a way to beat a market benchmark. Nicky, we're going to start with you. Can you take us through a little bit of the history of how finding alpha, the process of finding alpha has kind of evolved as the markets have evolved and expanded? I think one of the ways we think about it is trying to think about, well, what's the overarching trend in how on-chain transactions being undertaken, on-chain trading? And I think it's great to zoom out for a little bit because, in essence, if you zoomed out, you can actually start to see pieces of how trading occurs in the off-chain world, in the centralized world, happening on-chain. So I think the first wave we saw was way back in the kind of DeFi summer initially, 2019-20, where essentially there was a need for highly decentralized but secure and reliable data inputs into how assets are priced. And that was really, for us, like the kind of the core genesis of why we created Chainlink. But it's interesting to see how that evolved. And, of course, once you put in that initial layer, then you start to see certain areas emerge. Like, for example, two years ago, perp dexes started to emerge. So you have this need for low-latency data coming on-chain. So that's, you know, again, we extended ourselves to kind of enable low-latency feeds to come on-chain in, you know, again, secure and reliable way. And I think where it's getting interesting now, and I think one of the themes we can explore today as well, is really to that kind of convergence between TradFi and DeFi. And I think one of the areas we see now is, in terms of finding alpha, is the emergence of indexes. And obviously, something that, you know, Kaiko obviously is doing a tremendous job on as well. But I think for us, that forms the kind of bedrock of how then you can price assets, but importantly, find that additional yield that you're looking for. So I think as we look forward, indexes and benchmarks become key. Elodie, I want to turn it over to you. You know, maybe you can help us by just defining alpha. Yeah. And then maybe take us on, you know, being a data provider. What are some of the challenges with even identifying what alpha is and some of the challenges of doing the calculations around what that is for your customers? Absolutely. I think it's good to start with the basics. So when you talk about finding alpha, let's define alpha. When you think of alpha, it means you're looking to identify what's an index. So what's the benchmark against which you can compare your return in order to identify where you actually were able to bid the markets? That's the first challenge in crypto today. It's really hard. There is no established standards. There are several solutions in the market, several indices that I'm sure you know. We provide one, but I don't think there is one standard like in traditional finance where you have S&P 500, for example. You don't have an equivalent in crypto making it challenging just to say, OK, what are we looking to bid here? So I think there is still this challenge of standardization in the market that we need to address first. And several solutions are being provided. And then we'll be able to solve for that and define alpha. I think, if I may, there are some other challenges. So defining benchmark is the first challenge that we still need to address. The other thing is in terms of data reliability. So you have several data provider solutions that some are more retail, some are more institutional or enterprise focused, which is what we do. And what we see is in terms of reliability of the data, there are still some challenges. You still have price manipulation, wash trading. So even the data itself is not clean. It needs to be refined. Regardless, it's off-chain or on-chain. I think one example that I liked that we worked on was the FBI token. I'm not sure if you guys followed that. That was actually a pretty cool story where the FBI launched their own token to do some kind of research analysis. And if you didn't have reliable data to look at, so where you could see the concentration, for example, if you don't have a proper data analysis, you wouldn't be able to understand the market. And I think to go into maybe the next topic, is it alpha itself? You find alpha when you have an asymmetry of information. So when you're able to see something that the others don't see, that's when you have the more likelihood to make money and to bid the market. And this asymmetry of information is still quite present because the market is extremely fragmented and you have a lot of outliers that you need to go by in order to be able to have a clear picture of what's happening in the market. Yeah, that's interesting. I mean, fragmentation creates alpha. Yeah. When you have, you know, differences between different channels for execution and where liquidity lives, there's always going to be arbitrage opportunities around that. Definitely. I think, if I may, just pick on the security reliability point. I think it's something that actually a lot of people forget and don't actually think about quite as much as they should. And I think it's a really important point. I mean, even earlier this week, I had a question at a side event of the conference where someone coming from the TradFi world asked, well, why don't you just pick the single price? Just pick the price. And it kind of highlighted to me that kind of we come from very different worlds in the sense of, to your point about fragmentation and even reliability of data. There is a lot of, you know, market manipulation that happens. There's watch trading. There's all these kinds of issues that happen on a wide range of venues. And so, you know, one of the points I made to that person was to say, well, okay, when, you know, for example, from a chain link perspective, if you want to look at the price of BTC, that price of BTC that's put on chain, it's coming by 31 different node operators, each of which is pulling between three and five different data points, which for them, you know, again, in the TradFi world is astonishing. But again, really, really important when you undertake transactions on chain. The interesting thing about, I think, how this industry has developed is data, a lot of data is available completely free. Yeah. Sure. You know, so I think, I want to hear a little bit about what the value add of a data provider, certainly aggregation is part of that conversation. What is the sort of value add on top and what's the sales pitch for the consumer of the data? Because, you know, just as an amateur, you can pull an awful lot of data and an awful lot of backtesting without spending any money. And obviously, there's value to the data. You run a great company and a successful one. So, like, help me understand a little bit the value proposition. Absolutely. So, I can tell you, we've been in business for 10 years now. And we operate across several regions, being, you know, in the US, in New York, in London, in Singapore, and in Paris as well. One thing that we've seen is, yes, the first thing that we've sold for 10 years ago was fragmentation when we started to see more than just Bitcoin. When we created, there was only Bitcoin and then the ecosystem grew. So, fragmentation is the first one. The second, what's really important is, you talk a lot about transparency in the blockchain, but actually, there is very little transparency in the market themselves. Like, when you run off-chain, when you work on essentialized exchanges, and that's where most of the liquidity today and the volumes are, 90%, I would say, roughly, you don't have as much transparency. So, when you talk about a price, to go back to your point, when we said, oh, Bitcoin crossed 100K. When? Where? You know, what's on which market? So, finding the right methodology. So, outlier management, polishing the data, basically extracting where it matters. You have, we cover 130 exchanges, and I think there are close to 150 in existence. You don't have the same traits. You don't have the same liquidity in all markets. So, when you talk about price, I think it's extremely important to have an expert eyes on where do you take this data from, and then to be able to extrapolate that to give you a price that's robust, that's also fully transparent with a methodology that you can replicate. Replicability is extremely important. You have Mika coming into play in Europe now, and those questions around the reliability, robustness of data are key. And so, you need to solve for that. To be able to compare Apple to Apple, when you're a trader, you want to see something that you can compare. And if you want to have arbitrage opportunities, you need to have this holistic view of the market in order to find alpha. Yeah, interesting. I mean, one of the challenges we face as a company is we have all these OTC contracts, we do borrowing and lending, we do all these activities, and in every contract, there's a reference price. Yes. But you realize, like, there are hundreds of millions of dollars at risk based on, like, something that could wick for a couple of ticks. And that might trigger, you know, an exit or an end of life event. And that is, like, terrifying. So, if I may just piggyback on that, because that's exactly what happened. So, when you have liquidations, especially in the derivatives world, when you have a lot of price discovery, price is extremely important. And today, you don't have as many experts. And in terms of methodology, we have done a lot of analysis. We have mathematicians who developed those methodologies. And they did several, like, the volume-weighted average. We looked at VWAP, especially in a very, in a crisis environment. And what we saw is the price can crash sometime by, you may have a 90% difference between two prices, depending on the methodology you use, and depending on which exchanges you're going to look at. So, going, you know, going back to the point around, like, pricing, I think it's a hidden threat that people don't fully understand. They think, oh, price is easy. You know, it's not easy in crypto. And that can have, like, some very important events when you trade. But also, if you think of a Web3 environment where you don't have any middlemen, so the price goes directly on-chain. That's your world. If you don't have accurate pricing, you can actually trigger liquidation events and way worse. So, pricing is definitely something that people should care more about and not just take a free internet price where you don't have any visibility into, like, how this price was calculated. And benchmark is the same. I mean, today, you have some benchmarks that are just, you know, one or two assets. I think they're baskets, multi-asset indices that start to emerge. I still think that it needs to be a little bit refined. We took the approach of having, like, a Kaiko top 10 index to represent the market. And I think we still need to do some, you know, work there to have people better understand, to have better benchmark references in the market based on the liquidity and the volatility that you see. Nikki, I have a question for you. You know, you talk to a lot of traditional financial institutions. You deal in DeFi and a lot of on-chain operators. What are some of the things that the more traditional financial, you know, operators are looking for from the market in order to get more comfort, deploy more capital? You know, I would put us in the more bank-like, more TradFi-like. Like, we are very crypto-native and we are on-chain in a major way. But, you know, what things are people asking for, you know, from the market and from your company? I think if there's one thing in particular, I think it's consistency. And I think Elodie alluded to it earlier was just if there's some sort of benchmark yields that, or indexes that enable a traditional financial organization to have a high level of comfort around the veracity of that data. I think that's a consistent message that we heard over time. And so, you know, what are the, and we're not necessarily getting into the index or benchmark business. But one of the areas that we have moved into is providing a DeFi yield index. So lending rates across different, particularly given the types of users we work with, the Aves and Compounds and others of the world. So we created a particular index partially to enable crypto-native users to have that confidence. But importantly, again, to your point, there are a significant number of institutional investors who are looking at this particular market. And the quality and consistency of the data is one of the aspects of how they evaluate it. So that was one of the drivers behind creating that particular index. But I can see that, like, building out over time as well. Maybe if I can piggyback on your question. I would say there are three things. I mean, if there are some investors in the room or people looking to, you know, find some interesting data points, what we have seen, we do also research. There are three things that I think are quite interesting. First is if you look at risk. So that's something that's when, you know, now you can trade spots, you can trade derivatives, and you also have ETF, ETPs, so structured product. You have a way to add your position. Risk metrics are becoming more and more important. It wasn't the case two years ago. But now that you have more sophisticated investors coming into place, risk is definitely something where you can have an asymmetry of information and look at your portfolio differently. So everything regarding, you know, value at risk, implied volatilities, surface volatility, or things that, you know, I encourage you to look at. So risk is definitely something that is becoming more and more important. The second thing I would say is regarding the derivatives options versus spots. So that's something where I will give you a very concrete example. If you look at the Bitcoin price or crypto prices in March 2024 versus November 2024, we were saying that in March 2024, when you look at the open interest rates, for example, and other data points, that the market was overheating. So basically you had a lot of people who were very bullish, but it was not a very, how to call it, balanced environment. In November, it was a very different environment. So looking at this kind of derivatives versus spots are also very interesting data points for you that could be relevant. And then I wanted to talk about also market cap, because that's something that is not fully understood in crypto, because it's a different asset class. If you look at FTX, so I will give you the example of FTT right before it collapsed. If you just look at the market cap, it doesn't work very well in crypto. If you, because the liquidity and the market cap are two separate things. So you had the market cap of FTT that was in billions. But if you actually wanted to exit your position, it was, the liquidity was only a couple of millions. So it would have taken you weeks before being able to exit your position. And these are kind of things that people don't fully grasp or understand in crypto, and I think are very important. So market data is not sufficient when you talk about crypto assets. I would encourage you to have a more holistic approach. And don't forget also that, you know, it's not just about centralized exchange. You have things happening on-chain. So you need to have a holistic and a bit specific approach when you trade crypto assets with other kind of asset classes. Yeah, that's interesting. There's this idea of alpha decay, where a signal that worked for some amount of time might not work in the future. Is that something that's relevant in crypto yet? Like, because fragmentation creates this dynamic where there are prices moving around that are not necessarily, you know, joined together, and so it creates all these arbitrage opportunities. Are we seeing more high-frequency trading type stuff come to market? My view is I don't think we're really there yet. We're still in the building phase of all these different things, and stitching the liquidity together is still job one. And so you can still be even a manual and slow trader and still make money and still make actually quite good returns. Where do we see that going in terms of, like, maybe there's some consolidation in the industry and where liquidity lives. Maybe there's, you know, maybe HFT does become more of a feature of the market, and it reduces the length of time that those alpha opportunities exist. Do either of you guys have a view on, like, directionally, and how long it will take to get there? I think it's still, I tend to agree, it's still early. I think probably the next, if there is a next bull cycle, it's probably when it's going to come to fruition. But I think it's a combination of a couple of things. So one is I wouldn't underestimate the technology that's being developed across a lot of different early-stage companies regarding getting high-frequency trading on-chain. I think it's been one of those debatable points where, okay, if on-chain trading should be done on-chain, or is it the most efficient way to do it? But I think there is a trend towards it, and there's a lot of tremendous intellectual horsepower being devoted to it. And I think the second point was really what you said regarding pulling of liquidity. I think that 100% is going to happen. We can already see it happening. And at a certain point, my estimate in the next two to three years, we're going to hit a critical mass. So if you combine those two things, I guess, tremendously powerful. I would talk about the market infrastructure, I think, to me. I mean, there are some HFTs already. And in DeFi, you also have the front-runner, which is the equivalent. So it already exists. I'd say it will continue to exist until you have a more mature market infrastructure in place where you don't have as many opportunities. That would be my take. Great. Look, we are right on time. We're going to leave it there. Thanks, everybody, for spending 20 minutes with us. And we'll see you out there. Thank you. Good luck. Bye.