 I'm so excited to see a very successful first day of a very successful first consensus in Hong Kong. It felt a little bit like a destination wedding when we were on our way here. Wanted to make sure that everybody showed up. I'm really excited by the crowds. And I'm excited about this panel when they showed it to me. This is not a beginner moderator job, right? You have a trading firm, a bank, and a stablecoin issuer. Unless you're ready with a really good joke, it's hard to know where this is going to go. But I'm really delighted that we have a couple of great themes to think about. So, take a second to introduce yourselves and your business to the folks. And then we'll get into it. Great. Maybe I'll start on my side. My name is Sean Lee. I'm a co-founder of IDA. We're a stablecoin technology company based out of Hong Kong. Focusing on both the issuance aspect of the business and also building stablecoin transaction networks. Perfect. So, I'm Fernando Martinez. I'm the CEO of Nonco. Nonco is a liquidity provider and market-making firm that provides services to institutional counterparts. I'm Mathias Simbaugh. I'm one of the co-founders and group CEO of Signum Bank. You can think of us as a globally operating digital asset banking group. Main hubs are Switzerland and Singapore, but also set up in Abu Dhabi, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, and setting up here in Hong Kong. And we provide basically, we link traditional banking services with crypto banking services in one account. So, let's start on that side. Why start a bank? It seems like a lot of work. You know, and it goes against a lot of the more crusade-type motivations. So, was it worth it? So, first of all, had that known, right, that applies to this. I've never worked in a bank before, co-founding one. Had I worked, I'm pretty sure I would never have started. It is quite tedious and it's not easy. But now that we have done it and are in the process of further scaling, I think it was worth it. Why did we do it? Because we are four co-founders, all active in the space years before already. And we saw the pain point that I'm sure everyone that has been in Web3 for a while knows. Basic infrastructure, access to traditional banking services, and integrating it with this new, much more beautiful infrastructure, was just not there. And so, we said, future is heritage. If we want to get to true adoption, true institutional adoption, we had a few theses. One was ultimately will be regulated and real bigger players will only come in if we have the licenses. And so, that was the core premise. We took that stance in 2017. 18, 19, many people didn't believe that yet. But now, slowly, it's coming our way. And the last point I want to mention is we wanted to innovate without being dependent ultimately on the bank, telling us why are there compliance, what flows, etc. So, we wanted to take responsibility ourselves so that we can innovate and work with the regulators truly at the core, and not just whatever ultimately someone else tells us we're allowed to do. And where are you set up now? Where are you operating? So, core is really Swiss. We're Swiss bank. So, that's our headquarters. We have various licenses in Singapore. So, the Asia hub is Singapore. But over the years, we've established ourselves also in Abu Dhabi with an ADGM license. So, Signum Bank Middle East is located there in Europe via Luxembourg and Liechtenstein. And we're also setting up in Hong Kong now. Sean, I want to get to your business next. And Fernando, I'll hit you after that. There's 200 billion of stable coins. You think there's room for more and of a different flavor. So, what's the angle that you're approaching that's going to let you compete with the giants? Right. So, there are two angles here. One is the markets and one is on regulation. So, the market is very, very large. And the market continues to grow, right? And if you look at the market cap of stable coin over the last few years, it's just a straight line up. So, we think that the pie is large enough for everyone to play. So, that's the first sign. But at the same part, if you think about it, almost 99% of stable coins today are all US dollar based. But if you think about in real international payment terms, it's only about 60% using US dollars. There's the euro, there's the British pound and Canadian dollar and Hong Kong dollar as well. So, you like to think that as time grows and the market grows large enough, those two numbers are going to normalize, right? Close to 100% versus 60%. So, that means it gives a lot of optionality for businesses and countries to start strengthening their dollars, but in the digital sense and on chain. So, that's what we work on, right? So, we're not launching a US dollar stable coin in Hong Kong because what is the point, right? There's so many very established players already in place in the US and elsewhere, but there are lots of other currencies that are very strong, especially from a traditional economic trade perspective. I'll give you an example. Brazil does 200 billion bilateral trade with China a year. US dollar, right? 200 billion. What currency we're using in that sense? It's US dollar, Hong Kong dollar and Brazilian real. 200 billion. You take 1% of that and you move it on stable coin, that's instantly 2 billion, right? That is real economic trade. Not using stable coin to go buy Bitcoin, Ethereum or whatever it is. There is an existing market for that, but local currency packed stable coins, I strongly believe, will be used for cross-border trade. And that is also my second point, why there are so many jurisdictions now coming up with stable coin regime. They're not coming up with stable coin regime to go license the US dollar. They are using the licensing regime to do their local currency. UAE, for example, Matthias and I talked about this before, right? That's an AED stable coin. That's a local stable coin. So the market is large enough and with now regulations coming in, it will create new dynamics and new trade corridors that will be done entirely on chain. So this so far sounds like a very B2B structure, right? You have a bank, you have stable coins that are going to be used for payments. For a trading firm, aside from being able to use liquidity in USDC or USDT pairs, do you have a need for a Hong Kong dollar stable coin? And how are you going to use something like this day to day? So I think that's a great point. But before answering that, I want to go back to Sean's point. So right now, I think, as he said, right, everything's dollarized. Actually, from the number that he mentioned from Brazil importing $200 billion from China, right now or last year, $35 billion of that was moved through stable coins, through Tether. Right? So that's massive. And that number is only going to grow. Now, where the real need comes for a local stable coin, in our mind, is to be able to put into a single state the whole process. Because right now, what are you doing? You have a bunch of Brazilian guys buying USDT and sending it to Asia, right? But at one end of the spectrum, they have to use fiat, right? So they have to interact with the local banks, right? And all of those processes are manual. But what happens if you have a Brazilian raised stable coin, a hunky stable coin, all of that you can put into a single state, and then you're going to have scalability, right? So that is why we are so excited for non-dollar stable coins, because it eventually merges and puts everything into a single state, into the blockchain. Rather than having your local fiat currencies all buying USDC or USDT, but that's still a lot of friction, right? So I think that that is where the world is going, and you guys are doing a great job. Now, to answer your specific question, for example, Nonco, we provide liquidity to 40% of the US ETFs, 80% of the Brazilian ETFs, and indirectly here in Asia to 66% of the ETFs. All of that is a big pain in the butt. And why is that? Because of the banks, right? Thank God he's here and he's actually evolving. But the problem here is, how do you move money across the world, right? So when we were providing liquidity to last year's Hong Kong ETFs, the biggest challenge was, how do I send money back to the US? Because I need that money to be able to trade again, to be able to capitalize on. If I cannot send it back, then I need to charge on arm and on leg to the ETF issuers or to the custodians or whoever, because if not, it's not going to worth my time. However, if I leverage stable coins, that's beautiful. Right? Because that same day, I can send the money back and I can utilize it for whatever strategy we have. Right? So the way that we think going forward is, how can we leverage stable coins? How can the banks actually provide this sort of trustworthiness custodianship and access? Right? So we can operate in a much simpler world. So this is the problem from 10 years ago. Just onboarding, offboarding is still a problem. And now, even if it's starting to be solved for US dollar, the minute that you have an FX that you have to take care of, we're back to square one. And this is what we learned to solve. And when you think about your competitors doing this in other markets, are you far ahead? Are you, certainly in Asia, you must be far ahead. So, actually, I don't look at them as competitors at all. Right? What we're actually building is, other than what we will want to issue here under a licensing regime in Hong Kong, we are working with other license issuers in other jurisdictions. It is network effect. Right? We are not going to go issue the G7 currency. It doesn't make any sense for us under a particular regime. It will only work if you're working with license issuers that have license banks behind them that are working on the on-rem and off-rem, AML, KYC, all of the compliance-related things. And then you create that network. Right? And that's where you can then add in things like ethics, arbitrage, aggregations. You can then orchestrate a lot of the transactions in a real-time manner and then still leverage the banking infrastructure to actually do the on-rem and off-rem. So, I actually do not look at them as competitors at all. In fact, most of my conversations are about talking to other issuers that are like us, same standards from a compliance perspective, and how do we play together, including finding users and applications that can actually leverage that network. I love it. So, when this hits – I have another question after this. But when these hit the bank, what happens? I mean, can you keep them on-chain or is it your job to really get them off-chain and back into fiat? Or, you know, what's the main service there when these different denominated stablecoins come into the accounts? So, ultimately, what we all are saying here is that in our industry – and I'll come to your specific point – is there's still two main issues. And one is, obviously, general counterparty risk and counterparty risk management. How do you manage exposures? Managing exposures is expensive and risky. And then the other one is USD and USD rails and the negatives, the disadvantages of using the traditional infrastructure given time lags, settlement, etc. So, that's why, in our case, two of the fastest-growing products are exactly addressing these. One is – we call it protect – is giving players in the ecosystem the ability to trade where there's liquidity, but still keep the assets with us off balance sheet. Because as a bank, you have the ability to segregate assets in front of court. It's very clear if something happens to the bank, these assets are not part of a Chapter 11, right? So, you don't have to wait five years until you maybe get 50% back. And a lot of legal costs, it's segregated. While you still can trade on the exchange where there's the liquidity. So, that is how we are trying to serve one part, which, by the way, is just replicating in many ways what traditional financial market infrastructure looks like. So, that's one. On the second one, it's – obviously, once you have stable coins in whatever currency, it's on-chain. So, banks such as ourselves who have the infrastructure, we, of course, can settle, help settle immediately. You don't have to, by the way, wait on a weekend until it's Monday morning, 8 a.m., and markets open. So, it's 24-7, which helps to reduce counterparty risk limits during the weekend in particular, which cannot be underestimated. Particularly, I've lived through a number of market moves on weekends where it got really a problem for market makers, etc. So, that can help. And so, the more banks that are onboarded to this infrastructure, the easier it will get to manage liquidity, to manage settlement 24-7 in a much more effective way. If you call it Signum Connect, whoever is with us can, for free, settle fiat and crypto 24-7, so that you don't even have to think about T plus 2, T plus 5, etc. By the way, just to tap into that, I was – one of the conversations earlier today was, are we going to be 24-7 or 24-5? Are we going to, like, treat ourselves as humans and actually remain – retain weekends, you know, as we lose all other forms of civilization? Right. Yeah, let the machines do it on the weekend. Honestly, in crypto, it is 24-7, but the Andrean rule, it's 24-5. Right. Unless there's a big event, then somebody has to work, right? Yeah. The way it's summers used to be. Outside of that, it's just like ice. The way summers used to be. Yeah. But these days, it's hard to tell. I mean, when Trump says something on a Saturday, oh, my God. And the last three weekends have been horrible. If it's not the Argentina president, it's Trump or it's the tariffs, right? So we haven't had a weekend for a long time. So if we have different flavors of stablecoins and they're liquid, where's the FX desk, right? Because you can't – you're not using a Fiat FX desk to trade them. Like, so who's managing that? Where are those trading? Are you guys doing that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're pretty big on the FX. Right now, before I get to that point, I do want to highlight something that our colleague here said is the counterparty risk, right? So I think that as banks like Signum have started to understand and complement the needs of the industry, we are sitting in a much more comfortable position in the sense that we can now trade with bullish or Binance or Derbit or whoever it is, but having off-balance sheet assets with them, right? That's massive, right? That didn't exist three years ago. So that is super, super important. Second, from a stablecoin perspective, we work with, obviously, the biggest ones. And the counterparty risk is fine, right? Okay. Outside of that, when you want to go into local stablecoins, you start to have counterparty risk against them. We would feel 10 times more comfortable if there's somebody like them saying, like, hey, man, I'm actually auditing, controlling this. You can't have access because that is something that is actually not allowing the industry to scale. And what we have seen as a defect is that, for example, Circle and Tether are now giving that power towards the bank to launch their own stablecoins because they saw that for the past five years there wasn't enough reputable players like Sean launching their stablecoin. They're a bunch of kids. And I know I'm young, and that sounds kind of weird, right? But that's a reality, right? So that's it. Now, your second question was on the FX on-chain. So that's a big buzzword, right? If you see right now the non-cosign, it says FX on-chain. There cannot be FX on-chain to a degree right now because the on-chain lives in the automated market-making type of model. You're going to create a big arbitrage, and you're going to lose a bunch of money. What we are doing as an option right now is that we are pricing through an oracle, right? And the atomic swap and the settlement happen on-chain while the actual matching engine is off-chain, right? So you're fully automating all of the processes of settling, reconciliating, and delivering the assets, right? Whereas you get the price right now from traditional FX brokers, right? I think that that is the step that we are right now. And what we are building is the liquidity for local participants to say, okay, man, my stablecoin honky or Singapore dollar stablecoin, whatever it is, they have enough liquidity, and that as a side effect will create these on-chain markets that are liquid enough. I think one of the wrong things that we did as an industry is we started building a lot of these local stablecoins and going directly into the applications before building the liquidity components. And if we actually think of what Circle did and Tether did, is they built liquidity for the first three years. Then DeFi arrived. So will ultimately, if that starts to build in on-chain FX volatility markets or options markets, this will form, but not quite yet. 100%. Not now, but we're going there. Okay. You have a lot of static liquidity right now. It's just not moving around, right? It's getting stuck. Right. So just because you have facilities to actually go swap assets doesn't do much, right? You have to activate it. And you have to have various different activities and services to actually activate it. And I think that's what these guys are building on. Yeah. Just on that, man, because you said a very key word, static. Like if you want to put the FX pricing on-chain, there's not a single protocol right now that can do it. That's the reality. Right. Right? So we need to understand that there are still limitations. We're going to get there. Everybody has that idea. Right? But we're still at the early implementation stages. Right. So just payments, not markets, but just convenience. It's going to go there. Right. Right. Well, I think what I hear the most about in the last quarter or two is enhanced collateral. So how do we take stablecoin ideas and add yields for collateral posting, things like that? Can we go in that direction? Maybe I'll take a first step. I mean, if you look at most of the regulated stablecoin regimes, almost all of them are non-yield bearing. Right. Because as soon as you get into that phase and it's natively yield bearing, then you're on the other side. Right? Securities and so on and so forth. So it's non-yield bearing. But then that means this digital form of currency of no attractiveness. Right? Right. So there's now a lot of RWA plays, treasury bills and so on and so forth. That's kind of on the boring side of things. And then you've got a lot of these DeFi, very highly risky, but give very respectable yields. So you've got different type of constituents that are in between. I think where the market is now developing is kind of somewhere in between. The 6 to 8, 8 to 10 percent range that allows the stablecoin to almost stick against some of these RWAs, especially those that are the institutional backed. And that brings a lot more utility and attractiveness for the stablecoin only being used in the payment space, but then also to use as an investment unit of account towards these products. And we're starting to see some of these very interesting products in different parts of the world. In fact, we actually just signed an agreement with a revenue-based token vehicle here in this part of the world. That's basically paying that kind of thing. So it's a RWA, paying respectable yield, real revenue, real cash flow, but then using a stablecoin to essentially to transact. So now you could basically do daily, hourly, dividend payout if you need to. You can compound all of that, and since it's done on-chain, 24-7, right? No one needs to do anything. You don't have to go get a monthly report and wait for that and lock up your money in that regard. Very, very liquid, and then still getting respectable, not highly risky type of RWAs or DeFi protocols, but actual RWA assets. So that's kind of the directions that we're seeing. And part of the attractiveness of doing multi-currency is that different countries and different jurisdictions will have different type of products that also help you diversify the investment portfolio as well. How do you add that to your service package, right? Because you have to evaluate these things. Yeah, so what is interesting, and maybe I share something that's been on my mind on this RWA tokenized money market fund, et cetera situation. I find it very, very interesting. It's almost like game theory at play. So obviously for about a year or a bit longer, everyone starts doing RWA. But to be honest, quite frankly, what has happened for the most part is you have a bunch of asset managers and others that figure out there's a lot of money in Web3, a lot of foundations with a lot of money that is trying to find some sort of TVL or some sort of on-chain activity. So they shop around with the foundations, ask, can you put 50, can you put 100 million? Then I will do a tokenized money market fund on your chain. Mostly at the start with it's basically a digital twin with which you can't really do so much yet. In the background, it's 100% managed traditionally, not a lot of liquidity, windows, et cetera. So that's just one thing I think the general public, we should be aware of. There's a lot of what has happened so far is just that. Then secondly, there's also game theory. So basically what I'm saying is strategic partnerships are forming and pretty much all large firms are now picking one of the foundations or two. And some Web3 company that helps tokenize. I mean, everyone probably has some of the companies in mind, shall not be named here now. And then you start, this is the first step. Now what I'm seeing as a next step, because we've tried, we want to be neutral, right? If it makes sense and we have a due diligence process, then we can list these coins or tokenized money markets. What is interesting now is that people want to leverage these as collateral, for example, in tri-party agreements. But now the next strategic discussion starts. Which exchange wants to accept these? Because quite frankly, they're also obviously in bed with the stablecoin issues. And the stablecoin issues, they don't really like if liquidity flows out of stablecoins, USD stablecoins, into these money market funds. So sometimes we get like, nah, not accepted as collateral. And you know exactly why this is happening. So just sharing a bit what is happening behind the scenes of this one right now. So just that in there, I love that. And he really nailed it into the point. So I think, yes, a lot of these big financial institutions, they just need to tick the box and say, okay, I digitalized something and there's nothing going on. Right. Second is those that are in half money market funds, essentially what they're looking for right now is weakened exit liquidity. That's it. Because no exchanges can serve it as collateral. You cannot really do anything about it. But you as a market maker, they require you to give them weakened exit liquidity. You're like, oh, my God, man, where am I going to pony up $200 million? Because you're such a big name. I want to say yes. But that's all you're doing. Right. So I think that the market still needs time to making sure that within that exchange, you can actually use it to whatever your trading needs are. Because if not, you're just literally the exit liquidity and that's it. Right. Right. But I mean, you need this, right? All of your pricing for your whole business changes if your collateral can perform, right? Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. How far away are we from that where it actually can make a difference for you? I mean, that's a tough question. I wouldn't say that we are. I think it's within the next 12 to 18 months. Why? Because they are laying the groundwork right now. And they are hearing what the participants need because there's a lot of hesitation. Like, we cannot do this. And then the other guy says the same thing. The other guy says the same thing. So they understand that they need to fix that component of collaborating with the exchanges. Right. Right. So I think we're going to get there. I don't know how far, but it's not too far away. So to summarize, yieldy collateral is no good if you can't liquidate it. Exactly. If you need it, right? Exactly. It's kind of not collateral in that sense. Sean, when you, like the local currency stable coins, do you have any aspirations for them to perform in trading pairs so that people can trade? That's a very different use case, really, from transmission and for this other kind of industrial purposes. Can you see Bitcoin against your stable coin as something that people gravitate towards? Does that take marketing? What does that take to get that in place? The first thing is actually, do people care? Yeah. There's already enough regular US dollar stable coins against Bitcoin and ETH and all of the other kind of crypto assets. Like what would a local currency back stable to do in that particular use case? Right. That I don't see. Right. Some people may play with it. But I think the reality is stable coin is starting to be used, you know, continue to be used against crypto assets. But you see more and more of that, you know, facilitating traditional financial trade. Right. That's what's happening. And I think that's the, you know, a lot of people ask me, right. You know, why do you win in Hong Kong? You know, the reality is if you look at the Hong Kong dollar, the Hong Kong dollar has been a stable coin for 40 years. It's true. It's an over collateralized stable coin for 40 years. So the, you know, today the Hong Kong dollar may pegged against the US dollar. Tomorrow it could go against something else. Right. Right. So it's about creating wrappers. Right. So I think having different currency pairs creates that market. The market is not there yet. Yeah. But the market can be there because there is an existing FX market. It's just not on chain and we don't have the utilities and we don't have the banking infrastructure to support it yet. But now in 2025, I think we are starting to move into that phase. Right. When you have large institutions coming in around the world, not only in the US, that will start to push some of these innovation infrastructure to be built. And then I think we'll have the utilities coming on top of that. That's really the key. I think I'm hoping this is the year where that type of infrastructure, both in the financial, traditional financial perspective and also in the Web3 sense to bring that together. So I guess we're coming close on time. What blockchain is all this happening on? Is this just an Ethereum world forever or is it going to move? Is it layer twos? Is it Solana? I mean, do you care? Does it matter? Does it matter? But it's, well, I think people care about the layer one wars and where things are going to end up. People are thinking like, oh, there's 200 billion stable coins. This is good for Ethereum. Right. But is it, you know? So the only thing that I will say is we believe, I mean, Ethereum is too big for the amount of competitors it has. It's not going to stay like that forever. Right. That's it. Right now we have a lot of attention in Solana. Is that the best? Is that the answer? Fire Dancer? Yes. No, we don't know. But what we do know is that right now Ethereum is too big of a protocol for the amount of competitors it has. Yes. Even with layer twos? 100%. Right. But is that changing your behavior when you're settling trades? We are agnostic, right? So at the end of the day is what is a chain that we use to operate internally? That's one thing. But the most important is how do you interact with your counterparts and exchanges? Right. They dictate it. Right. So here in Asia, it's Tron. That's it. Right. Hey, man, use this. They're like, no. Right. So it gets dictated by the market. I see. And you list everywhere. I used to run a layer one. That's a long time ago. At that time, it was like, bring everything to me. Right. We'll run it on the blockchain. The reality is, you know, fast forward to now, cross-chain technology is so prevalent. It's so mature. Right. Right. Yes, you would want to concentrate some on the larger ecosystems. But the technology is there for you to move things around. So I focus less on which single ecosystem we want to launch on. It's where it's our partners. Right. Where's the other issuers that we're working with. Where are they? And then having that concentration effect. That's what we look at. Got it. Matthias, last word. Same feeling on your side? Yeah, with a little tweak to what you said. Yeah, we are obviously agnostic. We bank most of the, many of the big layer ones, etc. We support them. So in that sense, I also want to be neutral. But I do feel that there are probably too many layer ones. You know, there will be maybe a few with two, three, maybe very large ones. And then some specialized niche players. And probably so far, it's pretty clear that Solana, ETH, or Ethereum are probably among the top cohort in whatever proportion. Fantastic. That was great. Gosh, we got through 30 minutes really quick. I want to thank everybody and thank the audience for coming in. Fantastic. Thank you, Andy. Thank you.