 SAM KESSLER- SAM KESSLER- Hello, everybody. Thank you so much for joining us. I'll do a little introduction while people are filtering in and out. My name is Sam Kessler. I'm a journalist here at CoinDesk, and I'm really excited to be joined here by Evan Chang from SWE, which is a blockchain that doubtless all of you here at this panel have heard about. We're going to talk about a bunch. We don't have a ton of time, so I kind of just want to jump into it. Well, first off, Evan, thank you so much for joining us. Evan Chang- It's great to be here. Thanks for coming to Hong Kong. You said it was your first time. It's a far way to travel from San Francisco, so I really appreciate it. So in the lead up to this panel, I was talking to Evan and his team about what are the sorts of things that we can cover. And they referred me to an article that you wrote recently. You shared it on Twitter, X. And it was about can't be evil technology, the idea of building infrastructure that can't be evil, obviously stemming from Google's don't be evil moniker. Tell me a little bit about that and kind of how SWE, what it is, and how that works into that whole thesis. I mean, it's a recognition of what the current Web2 business model. We were seeing the bigger gets bigger. And the way they get bigger and bigger, because they're essentially gatekeeper. They're handling customer data, customer assets, customer secrets. And it sort of becomes the gatekeeper and the network fact take hold. And the monetization model is always somehow extracting the value from the customer. And you have to trust it. Right? Yeah. So this is come down to trust. Yeah. So the, but taking a step back, right? That just feels wrong. Right? Yeah. You know, this is not what internet was about. From the very beginning, it's about even in playing field. How do we come here? It turns out it is really, really hard to build products and services that sort of like not try to extract value and not try to leverage the power of having that hoard of information, the data. And so it's leading us to that point. And frankly, this is the opportunity for these industries, building the kind of tools and infrastructure to allow business transformation to go away from that business model. Now, now a core part of that article and that idea of vision that you laid out wasn't just about how crypto is, of course, a solution to this. Don't be evil. Can't be evil sort of dichotomy, but sweet in particular, and maybe in contrast to other crypto firms in your view or, you know, blockchains is better poised. Yeah. Of course, your opinion, what you're building to actually build that kind of can't be evil technology. So what differentiates, you know, SWE and other blockchains like it from, you know, maybe you can name names. These can be evil blockchains that are still trying to solve this same problem. So it comes down to ultimately where do you place the trust? And if the blockchain is not built correctly, we're seeing examples of other blockchain that fall back to a centralized solution. So, well, let's, you know, we can talk about SWE all day. I can talk about SWE all day. We've got 16 minutes. And so frankly, right, it comes down to the enforcement of rules. Yeah. That's defined by the creator of the asset. And the job of the blockchain is to help basically ensuring those rules are followed without the opportunity for human to come along and circumvent those rules. Right. Right. So the example always used, right, is back in 2021. And everybody's is trading AFTs and the premises was good where you can create an art and robbing AFT, you sell to someone and that person turns around, sell to someone else. And that royalty payment will somehow come back to the creator. Yeah. That seems like a perfect example of can be evil, except that's exactly what happened is the marketplace stopped dropping the enforcement of this royalty payments. Yes. And why is that? Because the model is wrong. Yeah. You're not building it correctly where the rule enforcement cannot be circumvented. Right. So at the highest level, right, at the more general level, that is the fundamental difference is SWE built that way is you cannot do that. Right. This is what I mean by it. Mechanically. Mechanically. Yeah. So each object is essentially its own, you know, its assets is its own object. So this is the move programming language. Well, this is not just move programming language. Okay. It's a use platform in the programming language. Program language can be used for a different platform. Sure. So the other model is it's how you... It's object oriented. Yeah. How do you represent assets, right? In a cloud-based model, you're basically saying the information about the assets are living inside a smart contract. Yeah. Each asset you can kind of, you know, sort of connect some other states to it. But it's all in a fairly clumsy way. Sure. If you ever, you know, kind of spending time building developer tools and programming language, you know that feels wrong. You have to have the encapsulation and the rules have to be encoded in a way where the implementation cannot, you know, it forces you to literally say, if you're not SAM, you cannot pick this up. And I just pick it up that rules enforcement is not there. So it's a lot of like the data modeling. It's the unit of computation. Everything has to be built correctly. So we went away from, you know, we saw this and we went away from that account-based model. It's a lot of, I wish I have a whiteboard to go draw why that cannot be the case. But generally speaking, the in the probably from people familiar with the NFT model ERC 721, you're not really encoding any rules there. You're just saying if you follow interface, you follow the standard, you know, but the enforcement is in the code. It's not in the, you know, whatever it looks like. Yeah. So you mentioned there's a difference, of course, between platforms and the language move. We've kind of brushed over this, but, you know, one of Sui's, you know, claims to fame is it was one of the first blockchain ecosystems to really implement Facebook's, you know, DM Libra programming language move. It's a blockchain programming language. You were at Facebook previously. You worked on this project. It was ill fated at Facebook, but of course it came to life with Sui and another blockchain, blockchains, Aptos and movement, which is a layer two on Ethereum. Bearing in mind that difference between platforms and languages, can you kind of talk to me about the difference between Sui and these other, you know, two and maybe others implementations of Moves programming language? Well, as I say, right, the object-based model where every asset is its own object, right? The states are capturing the object. Sure. And that differentiates Sui from Aptos and movement. That's a huge difference. Yeah, right. So it's not a account-based model of blockchain. And one thing I'm just going to talk about in a little bit more detail just to give you a sense. So if the information about the asset does not live on chain, you literally cannot enforce rules around this thing. Sure. Right. So we just say, capture this example. This is the same spot of water and that information has to be on chain for the rules to take place. Right. Yeah. But most other blockchain cannot store much information on chain. Yeah. Right. You heard about this. You've seen the NFT standard of most of these blockchains, right? They live off chain, right? You encode a URL where the actual assets are living elsewhere. Yeah. Why is the storage so expensive? Because the way you organize information, organize data is fundamentally incorrect, right? Yeah. So you're forced to keep this information in a very, very expensive data structure, authenticated data structure, so it costs the on chain storage to be really, really high to the point where you really cannot store any information there. Yeah. So if you can't do that, there's a lot of limitation you cannot. Yeah. So this is why, I mean, just like any other platforms out there outside of a, you know, kind of a crypto ecosystem, a lot of times the programming language is shared across a lot of different platform. Sure. But the way you program it, the way you describe logic, encode logics are very, very different. Yeah. So how do you think it's positive for your ecosystem that you have these competitors, you know, community members? Yeah. I don't know. How do you kind of view these other chains? Well, so a lot of these chains come out roughly at the same time. Yeah. And why is this three much, much more popular than other? We have a point of view, right? And we have a point of view, we justify our point of view by describing the problem we're trying to solve and how we're solving it. Yeah. And it turns out developers love it. They talk about the developer efficiency experience. Yeah. And they can build much more efficient product. The products are more interesting. Yeah. They're more real on-chain composability, right? If you ever look at, for example, some of these aggregator trading bots and all that, you see a program transaction block that touch 10 different protocol to try to get the best price or arbitrage across a lot of different protocol. People have been talking about, you know, composability for a long time, but it's real on suite. It's not really real elsewhere. Yeah. And we can even talk about data composability, even our NFT projects, some of them, that you see the changes as things happen to the object. Yeah. So these things cannot be done on other platform. Yeah. Or they have to fall back to very centralized solution. The off-chain storage was indexed, they're telling you what the content actually look like. Those are the wrong technologies. Sure. So this is why we took off while most others have not in this cycle. And it's because we have a very opinion approach to do things and the developer love it, the user love it. Yeah. So SWE has been doing well in terms of volumes and all of that recently. I kind of want to take a step back and kind of talk about the formation of SWE as it is today. You raised a lot of money. I feel like I'm neglecting my duties as a reporter. I don't have the number in front of me, but it was a lot of money, even by crypto standards. And I'm curious, as somebody who's leading one of these firms that raised so much from so many large VCs, how does that kind of, and I'm sure there's other founders in the audience, how does that kind of impact your ability to continue executing? Like, was it difficult, I guess, during that bear market to kind of keep people engaged, keep people enthusiastic while prices were going down? But you, of course, had all of these investors that, you know, were, I'm sure, breathing down your neck. Well, we didn't have an investor breathing on the neck, right? You know, we fortunately had a lot of trust. You know, the investor had a lot of trust in us and we executed quite well. Yes, during the bear market is pretty rough, but we were able to capture a lot of attention from the developer, from the user community, and that eventually recover, you know, so you end up being the best performing, you know, kind of token among the majors in 2024. Raising a lot of money doesn't equate to success. We know that. We're seeing the stories everywhere. Plenty of well-funded startup end up failing to deliver product. And I figure it creates challenges and that's kind of what I'm curious about as well. Well, we allow us a lot of the flexibility to go out building our business in a very different way. Sure. Right. So a lot of things that's differentiates us from everyone else is not just in the product and the technology that we build. We also the approach to go about, you know, kind of go to market and attracting people, you know, market our products and keep on building. Right. This is the thing we now doing all. Well, this is just over three years since Boston. Yes. We have delivered SWE, which is the best performing new L1. Sure. We have delivered DBook. It's also done extremely well. And we are delivering WARS. WARS is the storage protocol. Basically the same team in roughly the same, you know, three years time. Sure. I think in the three years time, most other protocol that raise a lot of money haven't really delivered anywhere near as much value. Sure. To the investor to everyone else as we have. I mean, going back to the whole don't be evil, can't be evil thing. A lot of the focus of your writing on that was around, you know, just decentralization generally. And there were questions in SWE's early days around token unlocks and, you know, centralized supply. And I'm curious, kind of, how do you frame to people the difference between your consensus mechanism, maybe, to start there, and other proof of stake systems as far as concentrated supply is concerned? Does it have a different sort of model than an Ethereum where a lot of centralized supply doesn't correlate or does correlate with, you know? So I think people are a little confused about what centralization means, right? Some people think it depends on how many nodes you have, right? How many validators you have, right? And we're seeing this happen on Ethereum too. A lot of concentration in a few pools, a few validators. And so on. Yeah. Because ultimately it's about two-thirds majority of the staking power, right? So SWE's model is not totally unique on that, right? We're delegated proof of stake. So eventually there's a lot of concentration in the hands of the foundation, but the foundation delegates. Yeah. Focans to validator and we build and we make protocol changes. They're now about to drop the requirement to, you know, the staking requirement to be validated on SWE. So we increase the distribution further. Yeah. And other things important to know about our token supply is we're the one that very, very few that's fixed supply. Okay. I don't have, most others have unlock as well as inflation. Yeah. And if you look at the other protocol that launched around the same time, it's 6% or 7% annual inflection. Yeah. In the early days of protocols, it's actually a mass amount of inflation on top of the unlocks. So I think there's a few things people are sort of kind of get mixed up. I mean, one of the, you know, while I have you here, like one of the questions too has been about lock tokens versus stake tokens. So SWE is, you know, far from the only project to be a part of this conversation, but there is a general practice in the industry where tokens will be locked up for investors, but they'll still be available to stake. Meaning that emissions from the protocol fees and so on still accrue to investors who are theoretically locked and those fees, you know, it can be a lot of money. So I'm kind of curious while I have you here, how do you kind of think about that sort of a model? Is that, I mean, you launched before a lot of these more recent protocols and we're all experimenting. Yeah. How do you kind of think about that, you know, with the benefit of retrospect? So the most important thing, if you think about modeling, you know, each of the protocol, each of the L1 is sort of economy, right? Economy, then there's underlying currency and the currency have inflation, right? You can view the unlock as inflationary force. Is this necessary bad? No, because you're using that money, that, you know, the activity, as long as the economic activity or the gross outstrip your inflation, you have a healthy gross economy. That's the key thing. We're able to grow faster than the inflation that doesn't create problems. So a lot of these fees go back to, say, for example, the validators and some of them go to the investor. And but they can use that money to then add to kind of put it back into the community to help the economy grow faster as a result. So this is this is outcome, right? We're able to grow very, very quickly in a very modern time because all these economic designs come together. I mean, speaking of the design, how do you guarantee that that money is put back into the ecosystem? There's no no such a thing as guaranteed. OK, how do you just incentivize that sort of a structure rather than just dumping? That's that that's the fear. Well, I mean, by growth, right? If there's a growth and investments will come in. It's simple as that. And where is the investment coming? And this is a very, very similar to a lot of economic. Sure. Real world economies like this, right? You have to have make money and an opportunity to make even more money for that money. So you need to set up that flywheel to incentivize people to contribute to the to the ecosystem. Shifting gears a little bit. You, of course, as I mentioned, worked at Facebook. You worked at DM, but it was also called Libra. So maybe we can talk a little bit about the other, you know, elephant in the room, Libra in the room, which is that meme coin that was, you know, backed by Javier Mille of Argentina. Everybody in this audience, I see some smiles, you know, has heard about this. But if you haven't, it was a meme coin. It was endorsed by the Argentinian president. And it ended up crashing. There's a lot of, you know, shenanigans going on with the person who launched that meme coin and so on. But it kind of put us in a weird place for the first day of the consensus, you know, conference. And I'm curious to get your reflections as somebody who has a platform that, of course, like all these other platforms, is used by meme coin builders. You know, how do you feel? Like, what is your sentiment when it comes to these sorts of things? Well, it's a platform. People will build whatever they want to build. It's permissionless. That's very important. But it's also about the community built. Do we encourage some type of activity or do you discourage some kind of activities? Coming back to the investment question. If you apply more investing in certain types of activity because it gives you value, increase your economic activity as a result, increase your growth, you're more incentivized to keep on plowing money back into that industry. And that's what we saw happen with certain other platforms. And that really hasn't happened on suite, right? So, you know, we do have a role to play here in shaping the economy and shaping what happens on our platform. And how do you do that? Like, it's decentralized. Like, how do you create that better community? It's investment. Investment is ultimately the encouragement. So, investment in what sense? Maybe I'm not understanding. Well, in helping them to market certain kind of product to help certain kind of product attracts more attention to literally put money back into this, right? You probably have seen certain blockchain that have funds specifically allocated to means. Yeah. And again, means are not necessarily bad because it's a wide range of different kind of coin. Some are very much community based and where people come together and celebrate their identity of being part of the community. That's fine. But we're seeing recently, unfortunately, there's some, I would say, more celebrity tokens that sort of are designed explicitly to attract attention because that notoriety of the person identity behind it. And then, unfortunately, some of them end up extracting value. Yeah. Right. And that value flow out of the ecosystem rather than going back into the economy. Right. And then that's bad. So, there's this thing, there's very, very different, right? Right. So, it is hard, right? Yeah. Let's not get a, you know, let's not beat around the bush. Growing any economy, growing any ecosystem is extremely difficult. And what we're seeing is everybody's trying to learn and what works and what doesn't work, what is good and what not. So, there is going to continue to have, unfortunately, the downside of this permissionless, you know, publishing platform. But hopefully, over time, we'll see a lot more good that come out in the back. Yeah. Well, Evan, thank you so much. Thank you all for joining us. I think we covered a lot of ground. Yeah. This was great. All right. Thank you. Thank you.