 Alistair Foster Good afternoon everyone I'm Alistair Foster, CEO of Bullish Capital. We've heard a lot this week about meme coins. Enough of that, we're going to talk about actually building some real stuff. We're going to talk about D-Pen, decentralized physical infrastructure networks. And I have the perfect panel here today to do that. We're going to talk about planes, phones, and automobiles. I have Robin Wingard, CEO and co-founder of WingBits here. Rob Solomon from DEMO and CEO of Digital Infrastructure Inc. And Frank Mong, who is COO of Nova, which is the creator of the Helium Network. So let's start with a question on, well, should I give you a chance to introduce yourselves first? Maybe you can introduce yourselves and tell us a little bit about WingBits and Helium and DEMO, and then we're going to get into regulation. Yeah. Robin. Thanks Alistair. Thanks everybody for being here. Really an honor to be here today. My name is Robin, CEO, co-founder of WingBits. And at WingBits what we're doing is building a flight tracking network. What most people don't understand is that pretty much all flight data in the world is already gathered by volunteers. So it's decentralized in nature. We just try to align the incentives between company and community by rewarding for that data. And yeah, so that's what we do. We aggregate that data and then we sell it to multiple different customers within aviation industry. Rob. I'm Rob, co-founder of DEMO. DEMO is a D-PIN for connecting cars. We actually, we used to, when we were raising money, we said we were Helium for cars and that was enough for people to open up their checkbook and fund the company because Helium was so cool. And you can think of us like if you're familiar with Plaid, where you can connect your bank account to any app that you want, we allow you to add your car to the blockchain and connect it to any app you want. So if you want to share your data with your insurance company and get a discount, if you want to share your charging data to earn carbon offsets, whatever it is, you can take control of your car's data and share it with smart and interesting apps. Frank. Yeah, thank you. I'm Frank Mong. I'm the COO of Nova Labs. I'm part of the founding team of the Helium Network from 2017. We've really been around for quite a bit considering crypto cycles. And the Helium IoT network that we launched in 2019 has roughly 350,000 hotspots around the world across 180 countries, 80,000 cities. And our latest effort is really around cellular, taking our token economics model into the cellular world. And we've got about 450,000 users on our network per day. And the network is transferring roughly 40 to 50 terabytes of data a day in the United States and Mexico. And so we continue our efforts and hopefully someday we'll be here in Hong Kong as well. Okay, I'm going to start with a question on regulation and the U.S. in particular. Because if we go back just one month on the very last day in office of Gary Gensler when he was in charge of the SEC, an enforcement action was filed against helium creator Nova Labs. That they chose as a final target one of the prominent protocols in this space, building something real and useful. I think sums up the industry's frustration with the former SEC administration. Perhaps put into stark contrast when that very, very same evening the president-elect launched his own meme coin. I'm also going to start with Frank on this one. We now have a very different administration in D.C. We have a crypto czar pushing for regulatory clarity. How do you think this is going to impact Deepin space? Could we be on the verge of a golden era for Deepin? Yeah, I think I'm very optimistic on decentralized physical infrastructure and crypto at large with the current U.S. administration and the current U.S. SEC approach to crypto. So I'm very hopeful. I'm very optimistic on where we're going to go next. But our engagement with the U.S. SEC actually has gone back five, six years. In the first Trump administration, we actually spoke quite a bit with the SEC about how to think about mining, how to think about wireless network creation and decentralizing that where mining is involved, mining rewards are involved in the form of crypto. And so we had extensive conversations with them during that time. And we were looking for guidance. And even back then, this is five years ago, that administration really didn't know what to do. And the outcome of our conversation was, hey, we don't think helium and what you're doing is within our jurisdiction. That was the net result. And then when Gary Gensler came in with the Biden administration, they became very aggressive. And, you know, they went after all crypto. Didn't matter if it was helium or somebody else. But every crypto had a every crypto company had a target on its back in the USA. But it's where we launched and it's where we stayed regardless. And I think given what's happened with the current president, current administration, I think everything will be, you know, on a positive side for us. We hope so. Rob, do you have thoughts on this you want to share? I think part of it is the regulatory and obviously larger. It was almost like there was a dumbbell. They would go after some of the worst, but then they would also pick off the best, most successful projects. Uniswap, ConsenSys, Helium, Coinbase. I think OpenSea, too. I don't know. It's just they would pick off these great projects and it really just kind of chilled everybody in the space. Even if you were a smaller project, you spent so much money and time trying to organize everything such that you wouldn't run into that issue for yourself. And it probably scared investors and participants off projects. So it's great to have that lifted. The other side of it is our culture and how we as an industry move forward. I think that it's coming at a good time. The regulatory side will improve at the same time. And meme coins, I think, should and will continue to be legal. But I think we're kind of running through a natural cycle here where the end bag holders are tired of getting their faces ripped off. So now it's the trench warriors who are the ones left holding the bag and they're upset. So you're seeing that on crypto Twitter more. And now it's coming back to the KOLs. Eventually there's no one wanting to hold the bag. And so they're going to start to look to things that have more fundamental value. That have the original I joined the space in 2017 and a lot of people are getting into crypto because they wanted to see better supply chains and identity systems and voting and inspiring cool use cases. And we've gotten away from that. I think people are ready to get back to it. Robin, you and Wingbase are based in Europe. So you have the Mika regime to contend with. Yeah. How do you see that affecting Deepin's? I think at least with Mika coming out, even though it's quite strict, at least it's it seems like it's fairly straightforward to adhere to it, which I think with the US regulation in the past, it's just been super unpredictable. And no one really knew how to navigate it. Right. So I think with the new administration, hopefully better regulation coming in, it will actually open up for more people to be willing to go into the space because they have something maybe better to adhere to. For us with Mika, you know, we work on a global, so we are going to be Mika compliant. But obviously, US is a big market for us. We're also watching that. So I'm I'm I'm very positive, you know, looking forward where it's going. Hopefully it's easier to navigate for sure. And my background is not so much in Web3. Just got into space when we started WingBits. So it's definitely been a very steep learning curve for me, kind of getting the hang of all these things. I want to ask a question about Deepin demand. For most projects, scaling supply side capacity does not seem to be a challenge. But finding the demand side has been more elusive. I have a tweet I saw recently touched on on this theme that I wanted to anchor this question with. It was from Meltem Demers, an investor and indeed alumnus of ConsenSys in one of our former lives. I think she captured this well. She said, OK, I think I've finally sort of got into the root of my issue with Deepin as a category. Data gathering slash observability is step one, but it is in and of itself not a valuable exercise. Interesting your thoughts on this. Maybe start with Rob. Yeah, there's there's two things I disagree with in that. One, I think I think crypto overall has struggled with demand side and the things that have succeeded have been crypto serving other crypto. It's been a bit more circular. I think Deepin is one of the examples where you're actually seeing the most. You said 450 or 400 some thousand actual phones, real phone plans. We are pretty early on and the life cycle of a company and we are starting to have a lot of success. As much as crypto people like demo, automotive companies like it even more because they understand right away the actual utility and value. You're seeing a lot of Deepin projects have a lot of success in that. So that's one. And two, you're seeing back in the day, I remember like Facebook and Twitter adding a lot of users and it's like, well, what are they going to do to monetize that? And now it's obvious. Oh, they have an advertising based model. But I remember people having issues with those businesses early on saying, oh, it's there's no there's no money there. Obviously, they were able to figure that out. If you're able to build a giant network of supply and the use cases make sense to you, odds are higher that they're going to find that demand. And I think you're seeing that play out with a lot of Deepin projects. Robin, I mean, I think on the demand side, from my point of view, coming from a traditional business background, entrepreneurial background, the way we approached WingBits was essentially we saw that there was a problem in the industry and there was an opportunity. And we approached it from a way like how do we best solve this problem? And this was just the best way to solve it. So we really validated the demand side in the business case and Web3 was the absolute best way to go into it. And now going into the space for this last year, I love it. I think there's so much power in this model. I think we're finally, from my point of view, going to see some real sustainable, long term sustainable businesses. And I think that's what's needed to get wider adoption, because for us dealing with aviation, they are pretty skeptical to Web3. And I think we need to showcase to the world that you can create a solid business with a strong demand side that is sustainable long term to essentially kind of validate the whole industry. I like it. I mean, Helium, I think, is an amazing thing going into the phone plans. I mean, obviously, you know, super good. Helium is the OG, the poster child. Yeah. Interesting Frank's thoughts on that. Yeah, I don't actually understand Meltem's comment. I'd love for her to, you know, explain that to me at some point. But my point of view as it relates to demand is very similar to the folks up here on stage with me. And from this last seven years in both creating supply with a network and looking at demand and focusing on how do we actually get demand to jump onto this supply, what I learned is its value and the value in this case isn't like yield or something and some financial product or or or defy product. But the value the value for us in the world of physical goods is actually whatever I'm doing today. And if you inject crypto into it, it's got to be better somehow. You just have to do it better, whether it's cars or satellites, whatever it might be. It has to be better. So for us, I think where we hit our sweet spot or product market fit is connecting people's cell phones to a decentralized network called helium. But why would you do that? It's got to be better. And so after a year and a half of trying to figure that out in the United States market, what we realize is what better is for you as a consumer has to happen now. And in the world of phone plans, it's got to be free. If you get a free phone plan that's useful, you can use it every month and it's free. Like, why wouldn't you do that? And our approach to this process is really not to expose crypto to any of you. You don't have to understand crypto. You just have to understand that you want to get on the Internet. You need to have a phone and a phone number that you can use in case of an emergency or talk to your family and friends. And it's got to work everywhere. And so that's what healing mobile has done is really taken that approach of let's just give the benefit and value that's greater than everything else out there today. That's Web three powered. That's crypto powered. It's a free phone plan. You try it. You use it. Phenomenal. It's great. Like there's nothing better than free and it works and it works well. And that I think ultimately that to us is how we get to that massive growth and massive scale. And to me, that's super important, not just for helium and what we're trying to do, but certainly for the pin. But I think in an effort to change the narrative of crypto, it's not mean coins. It's not about Trump or Libra. It's not about the garbage. It's really about, hey, how do we make the world better and get consumers on board? And when I say consumers, I mean everybody. You guys are here because you understand crypto, but imagine if you can bring your mom and dad and your friends, your neighbors. Like I have no clue what technology is and no clue what crypto is, but they had a great phone plan that was free. All because crypto is the underlining power that's underneath that economy. That to me is the most important value. I want to dive deeper into that a little bit, but approach it from this angle. I wanted to ask about convergence and really two part question on convergence, because we're beginning to see some deep ends converge with other deep end. Even amongst the protocols here, we know that DEMO works with Helium. Helium's announced a partnership with Dawn. WingBits has announced a dual miner with GeoNet. So interested where all this convergence ends. Do we need multiple deep end boxes or do we end up with one box which will provide all deep end functionality? And then part two of my question is we're also seeing increasing deep end convergence with traditional industries and businesses. Helium now working with major telecom carriers. And I know there's been a sort of leak or announcement on that, which you may or may not be able to say more upon that. But that's very exciting. DEMO has integrations with finance and insurance companies. Robin, WingBits has just announced you're firing a satellite into space, which is, I'm sure, deep in the first. So interested in where this trend is going. Maybe I'll start with you, Robin. You can tell us about the satellite. Yeah, I mean, so to your first point where it's about the GeoNet stuff. I think when we look at it, since we sell data, we have a lot of other projects that have complementary or data with very good synergy. So like, you know, I think where the space needs to go a little bit is creating partnerships, distribution type partnerships, because I can sell our data combined with other many other points, types of data to the same customers that have benefits everybody. On the mining side, from a consumer point of view or a miner point of view, it would make way more sense to have less pieces of hardware to mine the data. And I think it would also, you know, diversify what they're doing, making it safer in a sense to participate. I think it needs to go that way. On the satellite part, you know, we announced yesterday we've had a commercial partnership with a company called Spire Global now for about six months. They're an aerospace company and yesterday we announced we're shooting up a satellite together with them on SpaceX, SpaceX T13 transporter now in a few weeks. And really what that just goes to show is that this is just a small step in something bigger. But the satellite essentially will serve to validate our ground network. And what we want to do is essentially, yeah, I guess we want to go from deep into deep space eventually. But it's an exciting partnership. And I think it validates our business case showing that publicly traded company trust our data enough, even though we're, you know, a crypto project. And I think we need more of that. And hopefully it brings more people in and lowers the skepticism a little bit. Rob? I don't think there's anything magic about collaborating with other deepens. I think to Frank's point about these products need to be better. And the reason we use Helium for our device is because it's very cheap and easy to deploy. Like, let's say you're a car dealership and you want to build your own LoRaWAN network. It's incredibly cheap to buy these devices, put them up. The data cost is objectively less. We didn't do it as like a favor to a fellow deep in or just because we thought it was on brand. It was a good business decision for us. So for the same reason you see, like Netflix puts their app on Apple TV, not in like antenna TV or cable. They go to the new thing because why go try to build on the old outdated rails? Just go to where the puck is going. Look at the future. Same reason as you do that. Same reason is that you partner with the deep in projects. And I think crypto generally, like we enjoy being co-located near other deepens and partnering. But like people are out there building car titles on chain, NFT marketplaces that we could use in the future to buy and sell cars. You know, insurance products, on chain car rental companies. And those are the ones that, you know, it's awesome for us to be able to collaborate with as well. So yeah, deep in another crypto, just things can happen easier. Everyone already has wallets. Everybody already has tokens. And so integrating one of these things is incredibly fast. Frank. Yeah, I think there's two parts to this. One is, you know, as Rob noted, like we just need to bring better products to market. And sometimes that means, you know, you can leverage one deep in technology or another to make that overall a better product. So if that's the case, great. It's a win for everybody, especially the consumer, the person on the other side that has the demand for this. And so I think a lot of times what we do isn't well understood because it's not a direct benefit to the end consumer. You know, like wing bits and the launch in a satellite that that that has so such big ramifications for all of us for air flight safety that we just take for granted in a way that utility is is happening. They do it better than how they do it today. But you we don't know that like unless we see planes fall out of the sky, which is happening actually in the United States. But that aside, you know, wing bits can solve some of those problems, which we take for granted. We think flight flying around is safe for the most part. We hope so. And when demo is tracking cars and getting the data from cars, like we take that for granted. Why is that even important to us? But it puts the car manufacturer really on call. Like they got to make a better product overall if the data is being tracked and everyone can see it. Right. It's public and it's understandable. So I think there's a lot of value to doing that. But we take that for granted. Right. And I think when you get to what helium is doing, and I mentioned a better product earlier, already with a free phone plan, I think, I think for us, it's also about go to market, whether we've created a massive community. That's part of the healing community. And if that can be leveraged by our partners and friends that are trying to solve really important problems, they should, they should leverage that. Like we've never gatekeep our community. We never asked anybody to do us any favors, but we were very open about that. Like we want folks that are trying to solve hard problems to leverage the healing community because they're excited. Our community is excited. They love solving big problems. They want to take ownership of that and they want to be part of the system and part of building versus just someone that has to pay a bill constantly. Right. And so to me, that's a lot of the value of what we bring to crypto. I think that isn't well understood and maybe we just haven't talked about it a lot because we're in the trenches. We're always building. We're just we're in the back. We're the crazy plumbers and scientists. Right. But I think I think at the end of the day, that's why we spent a lot of time at helium talking to large telcos. We have to bridge the masses like the old way web to the telecommunications companies. They've been doing their thing for like a couple hundred years without much change. And I think helium is probably the biggest single threat to all of them. And instead of attacking them, I think it's best that we figure out how to infiltrate and work with them and help them along. Bring them into crypto, bring them into Web3, help them see the benefits that we can bring. And today, a lot of those companies see that. A lot of our investors see it. Deutsche Telekom, T-Mobile, Telefonica, Vodafone. They all invested in us. Our partner in the United States, T-Mobile, sees it. And just very recently, our pilot with Telefonica has gone very well. And they see it as well in Mexico. And so I'm hoping that that just helps us continue to gain momentum and trust with legacy Web2 systems. And we can be here in Hong Kong and work with Hong Kong Telecom or go to Japan and work with the Japanese folks and the folks in South Korea. Like, there's a lot of opportunity to grow and expand. But I think we have to prove ourselves. Like, all three of us up here have to deliver a better product. Consumers have to tell us it's a better product. And the more we can build in that mass way of mass adoption, I think mainstream legacy systems, legacy companies, they're going to come and join us. Okay, we've had a lot of consensus in the answer so far. Let's see if I can change that. Let's talk about infrastructure for a moment. We have a marked difference today to four years ago when it could cost hundreds of dollars to execute a single transaction on Ethereum. We now have fast, cheap, plentiful block space. So I want to ask how important it is, what infrastructure you choose. Your projects have interacted with a variety of blockchains. Helium started off with its own blockchain and migrated to Solana. Demo currently runs on Polygon but has announced a migration in the future to Base. WingBits has its testnet on Solana. So my question is, does it matter what blockchain you choose? One of those, or we also have deep in specific blockchains now, IoTeX, Peak. Interesting your thoughts on does it matter and why? Maybe we'll start off with Rob on that one. I think it certainly matters from a marketing perspective. Undoubtedly, over the last cycle, being on Solana was the popular choice. I mean, also, you know, performs very well. It's very fast and cheap. People like that. Now people are, I think some of the initial hype was overblown, but also the initial hate for Solana is like also just crazy to me. I like Solana. But the reason that we're on, there's a couple different things. Every deep in project tends to have a token. And that can be anywhere. You can have the, our token's multi-chain. We'll keep adding more. But then there's like, if you're building it as a protocol, where does that go? And we meant the car on chain. If you're going to give permission to somebody else, to a developer, to another user to access that car, that's an on-chain transaction. We do payments, all kinds of stuff. And for us, base is great because we're working with large enterprises. They feel comfortable with coin bases on chain and off chain products. They're building just a lot of good technology for us to use. EVM has a lot of recently, again, I like Solana, but the recent comments about there's only six smart contracts that matter. It's not exactly, you know, our ethos there. And there's a lot of interesting smart contracts and technology already built that's been time-tested, audited by OpenZeppelin, whatever, on EVM that we can just kind of pull off the shelf and use. So for us, that works. I mean, we were historically on EVM, so that makes it much easier to stay EVM to EVM. We'd have to hire a bunch of new engineers who know Rust to move to Solana. So that's why we're over there. And like I mentioned earlier, too, it would be nice to be on the same chain as all the other deep ends, which for the most part choose Solana. But we also want to be next to Cario, which is doing car titles on-chain. They're on base. I think rentality doing car rentals on-chain. I think they're also on base. A lot of these other projects, we want to be near the TVL for on-chain car loans and car insurance and other infrastructure like that. So at the end of the day, long term, I think interoperability is solved, and it won't really matter. Hopefully we get there because this current fractured L2 ecosystem is terrible, and it can't continue. We can't really get some real mainstream breakthrough adoption if you have to bridge your tokens all the time and buy different gas tokens and handle that. So hopefully it becomes less relevant over time. Frank, Helium went in the opposite direction to what we see a lot of projects doing today. Interested in your thoughts on that? Yeah. First of all, I'm not the guy that built a blockchain, so I'm probably the least intelligent on blockchains, but I'm a user of blockchains. And we happened at Helium to build our own blockchain eight years ago, seven, eight years ago, called the Helium blockchain, specifically to build wireless networks. We didn't do it because we wanted to. We did it because at the time there was just no other option. Like Solana and that team with Tully and Raj, they were actually very close to us in San Francisco. They were nearby, but they were just starting as well back in 2017. So it's not like we had lots of choices where you see that today. So we were forced to build our own chain. And I think we realized after our growth of hotspots went to a million hotspots in a year and a half, all on our entire chain was stored on these hotspots and validators. And it almost killed us like physically. Like we were constantly fixing something and we had no breaks. Our life sucked. And so we really wanted to get out of the blockchain business. That's not what we're here for. We're here to create wireless networks and we're here to figure out how to get people to use our network. So it was out of scope for us. And so I would argue for people that are building chains that are purpose built, I don't think you should do it. There's lots of great tech out there today. You don't need to go build your own chain. So I'm very against that only because I personally had to live with our team doing that and it sucked. It's hard. That's one. And I think overall when I look at Solana versus Ethereum or Polygon or whatever, to me it's if you don't understand all that, like I would explain it to my friends as it's like picking an IBM laptop, a Dell laptop or like a MacBook Pro. It's either Apple, IBM or Dell. That's how I see it. They're all computers. They're all computers. Which one do you want? Right? And for me, I'm really happy we chose Solana. Right? And I'm biased towards Solana because one, they had a massive developer community. So from a computer perspective, there's a lot of developers, a lot of people know how to develop on Solana. That means that that chain is supported by other people, not us. So it's like, great. We don't have to do the work. Those developers do the work. Fantastic. Get it out of my hands. Right? That's one big reason. Another is really their ecosystem. They're just a massive ecosystem with a great marketing machine. So if you join them and you join their ecosystem, that community automatically builds you up. It supports your project. And it's like free marketing in a way. And so that made a lot of sense for us as well. So I think from our perspective, we were driven out of pain. Like we were living in real pain. We didn't want to chain anymore. That's one. You could pick your computer. We chose Solana. We liked it the best. It's the fastest, the cheapest. They have a massive community that can do the work. So we don't have to do the work. Their community is great for marketing perspective. So it makes sense to me. Like that's just like ride the wave with that. And I think ultimately, like I'm also a user of these different chains, right? Like I really like some of the applications on the Ethereum. Like one of the first things I use that's Ethereum based is this company called Endowment. They're a donor advisory fund that would that can make donations for you. You can write your taxes off and all that, but you could donate to like anything you want. Red Cross, whatever you're into, you know, and it was all in Ethereum. I'm going to rush you because we have three minutes left. What I noticed was it's super expensive. Every donation cost me thousands of dollars because of gas fees. And that's just really inefficient. I didn't understand why. I'm hoping that they changed that. But that aside, like that to me was like a big, big X on Ethereum. Let's do a couple of speed rounds before we wrap up. People come to these conferences hoping to get some secret alpha. So I'm going to ask you each if you have any interesting new deep in projects you see out there. Present company accepted, obviously. Robin? Yeah, I mean, there's a couple definitely. GeoNet, which we partner with. I think I like their business case. I like their model and the founding team. 375 AI is interesting to me. We're looking at them quite a bit. Right now I'm personally looking at mainly projects with good synergy to our data. So some different weather type projects. I think could be pretty cool and useful moving into the future. But yeah, right now we're spending so much time building. So mainly we look when and when we need to partner. There's also some travel related projects that we're evaluating like community chain and stuff like that. Okay, Rob? I like a lot of the energy ones especially because we have a lot of EDs on ours and so energy is a natural extension. So Sourceful and Daylight are both awesome. I like Nosh is like a Grubhub alternative. Mike is pretty cool. And I also like Mike from GeoNet as well. GeoNet is a great group. Everybody loves Mike. Yeah, and yeah, I'll leave it there. Frank? Yeah, I like Sourceful Daylight from a solar aggregation perspective, decentralized solar. And I know at this event I met this really early stage company called KYD Labs. And what they're doing is they're essentially building like an exchange for tickets like concert tickets. And they're figuring out how to allow concert ticket, you know, resellers and venues to really use a platform to arbitrage those tickets, which is really interesting. So that's like the latest one I learned just from being in the show, which is very cool. Someone needs to hang on Ticketmaster. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Okay, we're going to wrap it up here. We're one minute left. But final question since we're here in Hong Kong with Consensus for the first time. Robin Frank, you're US based. Robin, you're in Europe. So do you have any message for the Asian audience? Asia is important for us. We would love to have a bigger community all over Asia. So if anyone has any questions or want to chat with me, catch me outside, I would love to have you on board on the project. Yeah. Our token beat the project to Asia. So we're on gate and you can interact with us there. But we'd love to meaningfully actually make cars compatible in Asia and bring it to this market. It's difficult for us as a US team to do that. So we're looking for partners to, and we have one in one major Asian market that's going to be launching soon. I can't mention yet, but it's very close. And so DEMO is meant to be a true protocol. You can trustlessly run it. And we're looking for the digital infrastructure, Inc. of different Asian markets to launch and partner with automotive companies and insurance companies. All these car businesses are kind of regional specific. So the best way to take it to market would be with someone local. Frank, final word? Yeah. I'm a Taiwan Sender. So I think the United States is very important. So I hope that one day I can make a business. Thank you. All right. Let's leave it there. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.