 All right. Thanks for being here. Thanks for having me. Yeah. Thank you guys for being here too. So I guess we'll start with for people who don't know what Dimitra does. Maybe you could just tell us a little bit about what you do. Yeah. Dimitra, we democratize farming. Really our goal is how do we bring technology and crypto, blockchain and AI to millions of farmers around the world. And at a core, we really want to help small farmers around the world who have all kinds of challenges like regulatory challenges. How do they file deforestation reports? How do they access carbon credits when it costs $1,500 to apply for a carbon program? And maybe they can only earn a few hundred dollars a year. How do they use AI to help them manage crop diseases or improve their output? Those are kind of the things that we we try to do. And when you say small farmers, I think it would be helpful to to describe exactly what that means. You know, we were talking a little bit about this yesterday, but what is what does a small farmer look like in reality? I guess by definition, a small farmer has a farm that's under four hectares. And and so under 10 acres, the typical small farmer we deal with is in a developing nation. They're in Africa, they're in Asia, they're they're in South America. We're not typically dealing with a farmer in Europe or America. They maybe have a family farm. It's you know, I was in Thailand the other day and and met this great couple and they have a couple acres of coffee and tea on the side of a mountain. And and you know, there are two kids worked there until one of the kids now has gone off to school. And and the other one, I guess, was just away for the day at that school. And they don't they don't make a lot of money. These two, they were they were an amazing couple. And I got to go in and talk to them. I toured many, many farms while I was there. And they had just spent three pick three hours picking a bag of tea. And for that bag of tea, they get 75 bought 75 bought about $2.50. So two of them three hours work $2.50. You know, I was talking to them and I said, you know, how valuable is $20? And, you know, the lady said to me, if I had $20, I can eat for two weeks, I can feed my family for two weeks. And when I looked at their farm, their farm was covered with these big, beautiful trees. And then underneath that they had their coffee and their tea. And they had other crops to help feed themselves. And in America, if you had trees like that, and you planted these shade trees, for every 30 of those trees, you get a carbon credit. And that carbon credit's worth $20. And it's, and it'll pay you $20 every year. But that couple could never access a program like that. Through an app like Dimitra, they can access that program. You know, we help them with regulatory. We have a program in Kenya. I know I'm really running on with this question. But the program in Kenya, you know, onion farmers who make 600, 700, $800 a year, and, and they will never plant an avocado tree, but off an avocado tree, they can make many hundreds of dollars a year. And they can put a hundred of them on an acre. They can plant their onions in between the avocado trees. And we can take them and move them into a different income bracket. And we're talking about 570 million farmers like this in the world. Some of the most impoverished people in the world, people who typically are below the poverty line in many of these cases. And with a little technology that we put on their cell, they'll cell phone, we can help them access programs, we can help them access financing through a crypto token. So that kind of segues into something that I wanted to ask you about. I think a lot of people in crypto, a lot of crypto companies are talking a lot, and some of them are struggling with how do you onboard people from web two to web three, but you guys are doing something extra hard, or what seems like it's extra hard. And you're taking a lot of people from web 0.0 to web 3.0. A lot of the people that are using Dimitra didn't have smartphones before they started using the app. So what has that been like? And what advice, what have you learned that other startups could maybe learn from you about onboarding people who are not familiar with crypto at all? Well, I think the first thing I learned was hard is rewarding. And that's the best thing about my job every day. I'm sorry. When I handed the money to the lady the other day, and she could earn that money through this, she cried. And that's life changing for this farmer. And so, you know, we have to go through training scenarios. How do we train 3000 farmers on the side of a mountain in Indonesia? How do we train 300 indigenous farmers in Suriname? How to grow pineapple? Because growing an acre of pineapple gives them $25,000 an acre versus $1,000 an acre or $2,000 an acre. And, and so to do that, you really have to connect with the people. And it's very difficult. You know, we have 2 million farms that we analyze. It's very difficult to connect with 2 million people. So you need all these communities. One of the great things about crypto is it's very community based. And so you have to take the things we learn from in a crypto community and say, how do we apply that in these countries in a, in a, in a language that we don't speak and convince farmers who maybe are a little afraid of technology to start adopting this technology. And, and you just, in some cases you have to take baby steps. Indonesia, we had a great program with the university, Andalas University. We had a PhD there that, you know, we came in and, and we ran Dimitra school for a week. We took 30 of these graduate students and, and they all want to study coffee in this case. And, and so they need to get field experience. And we taught the, you know, the Indonesian government gave a little financing. We gave a little financing. 30 of these students went to the coffee farms, 3,500 coffee farms over a month and taught them how to use the app. And you know, the first round, maybe only 300 of those farmers got it, but you got to go back. You got to be persistent because in the end, I mean, you've got an objective to achieve. So, uh, I think we've learned a lot and and you know I would say it's worth the effort if you're in it for the reward and that's what we're here for. What's the UI like? You know it does that help make it easier for the end user? Yeah it is in some cases so we have projects of varying complexity so we have a base application for it's called Connected Farmer. We've connected coffee connected cocoa and those are really focused around that. It's really simple when you go out you can say here's my farm and you draw a little geofence and that's easy for most people who are familiar with a cell phone. If somebody that's the first time they picked up a smartphone it's a little daunting. We have projects that are very complex as well and that can be more complex. Like I mentioned to you yesterday we do you know animal DNA projects and you need people with a degree to use that application versus the simple application for coffee. So it's simple it's on an Android app a cooperative signs up we go out and we do you know online training we did a deal last night in Mexico where you know next month we're gonna run out we're gonna train a group of trainers to go train 30,000 farmers. Wow you did this deal last night what's the project gonna be? Last night it's a carbon project on 24,000 hectares. Wow. And so it's in a biosphere that is protected land and so we're gonna look at run and generating I think about 15 million dollars worth of carbon credit so we share that with the the the foundation that does that and the farmers get 50% of that money foundation gets a big chunk of that money and then there's the costs and then we we get the balance of that. Yeah so speaking of carbon credits you know how can a program like Dimitra help make sure that the carbon credits are real? The carbon credit market can be a little bit sketchy. Yeah so you know I give you an example so in Ethiopia we have 1.2 million farms are doing a carbon project and and we start by registering the farms so actually send a person out to the farm make sure the farms real. We have to make sure that the farmer has a lease for the land or owns the land or some legal right to the land and and so we have service technicians that go to every farm and they create a geofence with the farmer they sign the farmer up the farmer wants to work on this project and we do training sessions and and so a farmer will go out and Kenya for example they went out we planted thousands and thousands and thousands of trees every time we planted a tree they registered the tree in the app. Now we have the geolocation of that tree we have a picture of the tree and now with that geolocation our satellite can monitor the life of that tree. Every year we ask that farmer to take some pictures of the tree they update it those investors who invested in that program can get pictures of the trees that they sponsored and then there's an audit program so our service technicians go back every year they take a look and make sure things are working that the farmer really understands the program because nobody learns it a hundred percent the first time and and then you know we they're Vera and US standard and gold standard there's a whole bunch of standards and so when we do a carbon program we follow to a specific standard and that standard usually is a decision around the core investment group so we work with big corporations who want to offset carbon and they will sponsor a certain amount of trees but individuals can do that as well and and so we will be audited to that standard and you know that may say we have to audit five percent of the land or ten percent of the land and third party auditor looks at our data and compares the data that they discover and it's got to be within a certain range but we can we can track it right back to the individual tree and and nobody else can do that right now. I was gonna say yeah that's a very limited to you guys so something else that I think is really really cool about Dimitra that we were talking a lot about yesterday is the AI integration and I would love to just hear more about that. So we have a great agronomy team and a great AI team and and we do some cool things like we have a project in in Brazil a bank invests in soybean farms and they've invested or loaned about a hundred and fifty thousand farms and here's the thing about farmers I grew up on a farm and everything I knew about farming or thought I knew about farming is what my grandfather taught me and he was wrong sometimes and and sometimes his knowledge was outdated because it was what his grandfather taught him and and so technology changes and you've got to go through this education piece. This Brazilian farm some farmers decide I want to grow soybean if that's the crop and it doesn't matter what the crop is and they pick a piece of land and the land isn't suitable for soybean. So we have an AI program that we built we tested it in Kenya two years ago for avocados and we've built it out for soybean and some other crops now and it'll evaluate a piece of land against a number of criteria and some of that data getting it from satellite some of that data is input by the farmer some of that data you know comes from other databases that we can access and the AI scores it it comes out and says this land is 80% suitable and the reason it's not a hundred percent suitable is a lack of irrigation a lack of a certain nutrient in the soil the soil type whatever the case may be. We get to do studies we're doing a study in Nigeria right now because they don't produce enough sugar for their growing population and so they've engaged us to analyze the entire country and tell them the best places for them to plant sugar so that they can increase their sugar output and and offset this either lack of sugar in their their diet or their need to import and we can do that with any crop. Yeah but there's also a component of you know farmer teaching right like yes the AI for deciding which crops are best to to grow in certain places but I thought it was really interesting the program that you have where you know a farmer can wake up and say okay it's day 14 since I planted this plant here's what I should be looking out for tell us more about that. Yeah so we spent a lot of time trying to work with the United Nations and we were awarded a contract last year and the first project just an amazing project in Suriname 30 or 300 female indigenous farmers below a certain poverty line converting them to pineapple growers and we we love this program but they don't know how to grow pineapple or again they have some knowledge about pineapple because they had a pineapple in their backyard or whatever the case when they grew up and and so you know we did a lot of work the United Nation agronomists are agronomists and we put together 155 steps that you have to do to grow a pineapple and we know on the day you plant a pineapple you need to do these things and and on whatever day I'm gonna throw a number out there 60 the pineapple is gonna flower and then you have risk of certain pests and so in our rap if you're on the pineapple program they get up in the morning and it says row one you planted 52 days ago and you need to go look for larvae on all of the plants and if you find it take a picture of it it'll tell you what to do or maybe you already I can identify it now you know what to do so it offers help some of that is AI driven some of that is just statistical and date driven we know between this date and this date you have a high demand for water between this date and this date your soil nutrients might be low and you need to add a topical fertilizer or whatever the case may be but it's like that type of instruction we give that gets those farmers from zero knowledge and you said web 0.0 and I know Andreas is out here he's trying to coin that so that belongs to him you owe him owe him some money if he does that and to becoming experts on this and and the cool thing with that is you take a pineapple in Suriname and you know the person was growing an onion in that spot before or a couple onions in that spot before and now you've created a product that they can sell for a dollar but the percentage of them that they can sell for a dollar depends on how well they do those hundred and fifty-five steps and and so the goal is to say here are the defects in the pineapples that you have this year and maybe maybe a twenty five thousand pineapples on your lot but ten thousand of them you couldn't sell for a dollar because something was wrong then we can help identify and say next year do this differently apply this fertilizer at this date or deal with this bug differently and you can really help them grow their business the hardest part about getting into pineapple farming is is not learning and if you you love to be outside and you love to be working with your hands in the soil it's it's probably a really good job for you the hardest part is getting it right and making it profitable and we can help simplify that with the app beyond that we have agronomists that go and work on these projects and help people on the ground the United Nations has an agronomy team so they go out and our goal is to make a sustainable pineapple business in two years and everybody has the knowledge and then the community can just continue to grow and pass the knowledge on it it's how do you get over that initial hurdle well that's about as a real-world use case for AI as I've ever heard I could talk about this all day it's so interesting but we are out of time so well it always says zero when I look well we're having fun so it goes fast but thank you guys so much thank you John for being here thanks for having me