 All right. Wow, this is going to be an exciting panel. You guys are going to have a real treat. We've got some good stories here. We've got Jason Fang from Sora Ventures as well as Amy Thank. She is head of APAC, Asia Pacific region at Fireblocks. All right. Both of you have made it your mission to innovate in the Asia market. So maybe we'll start with Amy first. Sure. Okay. So I know Fireblocks is this incredible secure wallet infrastructure company. Tell us a bit about the origins and how you've been expanding into the Asia region. I mean, back in the day, it was a couple of employees and now it's just exploded. Yeah, definitely. Love to hear this. I mean, I started with Fireblocks five years ago as their first employee here in Asia. And at that time, we really wanted to just to prove out that the narrative that was making us successful in Europe and US were applicable also in Asia as well. There are definitely some parallels. But what we realized that there is a lot more retail fintech businesses in Asia. There were a lot more super apps in Asia that doesn't really exist in other territories. And more importantly, our clients had a really strong need of localization and local demand. So for us, as we grew in the last five years from employee of one to now close to 100 people, we really wanted to focus around making sure we're going to market, understanding local needs, having local language support, meeting the local regulatory requirements, knowing that our clients will need to do those as well, and making it easy and secure and simple for them to comply to all the requirements they might see. What kind of opportunities are you seeking in the Asia market? What kind of opportunities are you seeking in the Asia market? Oh, it's really fascinating here, right? I think if you look at what has been unique to Asia, first and foremost, I think Japan is probably the only country in the world where non-financial corporates are still really investing in Web3 in a very meaningful way. We're talking about folks like Fanpla who are the ticket master of Japan to do tokenization of tickets and fan engagement that is still active. And if you think about where that lands a couple of years ago, Japan is still the only market that we're seeing entity of the world to invest meaningfully in Web3. So that's quite unique. I think the other area that is extremely unique is people look at Asia as a continent, but it's made up of obviously tons of very unique countries, all of which have their unique flows and requirements that we're seeing happening today. All right. Very cool. All right. And Jason, you're from Sora Ventures. You're the founder and you are also the person behind Asia's micro strategy, specifically a hotel. Well, I'll let you tell the story, but a hotel that has taken on the Bitcoin treasury concept. So, I mean, I think this is the first time publicly that you've told this story. So I think we'd all love to hear how you've made this happen. Yeah. So, Sora Venture started investing in Bitcoin ecosystem about two years ago. We have about 30 portfolio companies that are building on the UTXO ecosystem. And about a year ago, we started exploring on PTCFI. So basically DeFi on Bitcoin. We came about something that's very interesting, which is Bitcoin premiums. And then we decided to explore that more in depth and realized that MicroStrategy has one of the highest Bitcoin premiums. However, they don't have any structural products. And so we decided to end up working with a listed company. Specifically, we ended up working with MetaPlanet in Japan. And we partnered with them by investing in them, owning close to majority share with our partners, and then transformed the board, transformed the business. And last year was the best performing stock on Tokyo Stock Exchange. Wow. And so, first of all, how did you go about choosing MetaPlanet, which is a one star hotel? Yeah. It's a one star hotel that I don't think anyone would want to live in. But that's a great question. So the founder of MetaPlanet, Simon himself, has always been an active investor in the Bitcoin ecosystem space. So we met by co-investing on deals. And we had the chance to really, really learn about each other for about six months before he started sharing his listed company, MetaPlanet, at the time. MetaPlanet was actually a listed company that tried to do Metaverse two years ago before we started the Bitcoin strategy. And that idea didn't really work out. And so he had the shell left there and asked me what to do with it. Initially, it was really to explore UTXO assets. So it was either Bitcoin or Dogecoin. We ended up using Bitcoin because we believe that that asset still has a lot of value, specifically in Asia. The second thing was the company had a bunch of debt. Japanese, if you're Japanese buying Bitcoin, you have to pay something called unrealized gain tax. And you had to pay up to 55%. So imagine you're buying Bitcoin at $100 and you make $100. Before selling it, you have to pay up this 55% tax, which makes no sense. Right. And so the way we do it is that we utilize the $80 million tax shield as a way to cover a lot of the Bitcoin that we are purchasing it. So that's very, very unique in a Japanese market where usually you don't want to be involved with a listed company that has debt. But in this case, that was a really good thing for us. The second thing is, I think MicroStrategy works really, really well with companies that don't have a strong business model behind the scenes. So if you remember the history of MicroStrategy, their IT business wasn't doing so well. At one point it was struggling, a loss, and then MicroSailor decided to make this huge pivot into Bitcoin. Similar situation for MetaPlanet, they were in this crisis where they tried to do Metaverse, didn't work out. At this crisis moment, decided to do MicroStrategy in Asia and that did really well for them. But it was a huge risk because Asia at that time had never done anything like this in the past. But more importantly, we decided to go above and beyond and to kind of like reinvent the real by introducing structural products behind the scene. So for example, if you look at the US MicroStrategy is purely buying Bitcoin through CB rights issuance. But in Japan, for example, they're using options, a bunch of structural products. And last year they end up making 300% yield on just their assets. So I call that MicroStrategy 2.0, which is you're taking something that a sailor made and then you're adding structural product behind the scene to inject further capital and the market. You're adding further capital into your listed company, which is obviously very aggressive. But in environments like Japan, where interest rate is low, it's a lot more manageable. Do you see this strategy being replicated throughout Asia? Yeah. So this is public announcement. We recently purchased a main board on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, 1723. And we announced the board members. So myself and the founders of Bitcoin Magazine are all on the board. We're still going through general offering right now. So unfortunately, I can't disclose too much about the strategy. But I think based on the track record of MetaPlanet, as well as our experience working with the Bitcoin ecosystem, I think there's going to be a lot of innovation moving forward. Wow, that's pretty incredible. Okay, so he's all on the Bitcoin strategy. Where are you seeing in terms of the, I guess, the opportunities in the cryptocurrency market and in terms of interest from Asian retail or institutions? I think what's really interesting for this year is somewhere last year in November when Trump got elected, there seemed to be a change in people's mind around stable coins and the consensus that stable coins will become the de facto medium of settlement between businesses. And since then, in the last, I would say six months and within Firebox, we're seeing this massive level of inbound from PSPs that are already organically processing payments for their own merchants. If you think about PSPs that are actively processing payments for e-commerce platforms, digital economy platforms, they would prefer to be able to use a 24-7 settlement instrument. And that organic conversion is already happening. So we don't have to evangelize on the need for Web3 or why to do stable coins. They're knocking on our door being like, I need a wallet because I am processing $10 million a day for my clients and I cannot use Ledger anymore. So that's been a really fascinating trend that we've seen, not only with our existing clients in Asia specifically, but globally, right? I give you a really fascinating statistics. We process close to $6 trillion worth of transfers since we started. Historically, we've had a $7 trillion on Firebox network. We have done somewhere between 70-30 splits between crypto assets and 30% stable coin assets. Last year, we turned into a 50-50 split between stable coin versus crypto, right? And that includes the price action that we've seen in this market. So that's point number one. Point number two is we're seeing on average 10 to 15% of all the on-chain transactions being processed at Firebox. But the area that has really got a lot of interest from an asset perspective is probably Solana as of late, right? Because of the meme coin explosion. Obviously, all the rage of the meme coins. But the reality is if you look at the structure that exists in a majority of the industry in Asia, many of the regulated exchange were not really allowed to list Solana until this year or last year. So it's been a real impetus of clients and pent-up demand for that asset. So we're seeing a lot of growth there as well. And I would say finally the area that's been catching a lot of people's interest has been really around the yield side, right? The question of is BTC staking here to stay? Is it only temporary? How will they pan out? That is definitely a question that's plagued a lot of our clients in the last year. But we're definitely seeing interest and demand there as well for those products. Alright. Bitcoin layer 2. That's also been a trend, a common theme in these conversations here that I've been hearing at this conference. Is that also something that you guys are looking into? So when we invested in Bitcoin, we knew that that's going to be a huge challenge, a lot of hurdle, a lot of bottlenecks moving forward. Obviously, you look at the history of the entire Bitcoin from the white paper until today. There hasn't been any form of innovation until we saw the birth of Ornol's white paper. We made the first step along with Bitcoin Magazine to really invest in this sector. So, you know, we invested in Bitcoin accelerators, Bitcoin media, Bitcoin NFT platforms. Anything you think of Bitcoin would basically have, we're either lead investors or investors. Like, so one of the things that obviously sparked kind of like the decision to do this because we believe that Bitcoin as an asset hasn't really been, just in general, doesn't have any DeFi elements to it. Right. And so if we're able to unlock that market, it's going to be huge. But unfortunately, I think the way I look at it is that would still take some time. And so that's why a lot of startups have decided to do L2s. I actually just came out from a panel at Ton and they're discussing about doing Bitcoin DeFi on Ton, where they use Bitcoin and then do a bridge on the Ton ecosystem and then launch something like a wrap Bitcoin on Ton. I personally think that will come a lot sooner than L2s. I'm not saying that L2s are bearish, but I'm just saying that the use case, the utility is usually a lot more important. And right now we're seeing a lot more money being invested into these ecosystem versus an L2 project that needs to build entirely new infrastructure, new user base, new development platform, et cetera. And is this also something you're doing with your structured projects to create that yield? Yeah. So Bitcoin yield is very broad. You could do like on chain and off chain. Right. So the way I imagine like MicroStrategy is that MicroStrategy started off with buying Bitcoin. But realistically, when we look at the Asia, we're looking at three assets, which is Bitcoin, USD, fiat and shares. That's why in certain certain times when even when Bitcoin is dropping, MetaPlanet or MicroStrategy price would go up because the math is basically very simple. As long as you have utilizing the shares and utilizing the USD, even a Bitcoin price drop, then you're able to kind of make that hedge bet. Right. So buying Bitcoin is one to one. But buying MetaPlanet stocks or MicroStrategy, you also have this leverage on top of it. Is there a concern, though, that this could be if you replicate this strategy and there are just so many more companies, states, sovereign wealth funds that start having these Bitcoin treasuries? Does it I don't know, does that strategy get saturated? So I think it's all about timing. If we did this strategy maybe three years ago, I think we'll struggle a lot. I think a big part of the timing here is one, the Bitcoin ETF in the US and Bitcoin ETF in Hong Kong. Right. I think in general, if you look at our stock in Hong Kong, it's it's been running for, you know, after our announcement, it's been running for two weeks now. We've noticed like firms like Goldman, UBS, JP Morgan are buying it. There's there's there's volume coming from those from those firms, something that this is something that we haven't seen in the past, which means that institutional monies are coming in or slowly coming in. Yeah. Obviously, we're still NGO right now and general offering right now. But the idea is that, yes, we will be welcoming institutions. We'll have structural products that similar to Michael, similar to MetaPlanet that will enable the company to grow at rates that that will catch up a lot faster compared to what we've seen in the US. Yeah. But also, I think to add to your point, you can't just do another Bitcoin ETFs anymore. Right. So unless you're from a country where access to US security is restricted and you don't have access to the US ETF, just launching a pure Manila ETF in any other countries would not be making successful automatically. I think what people are looking at now is like, what are some additional ways that I can improve, get yield? I mean, in Asia specifically, clients here, institutional clients particularly, are very highly dependent on yield. Right. Their yield hurdle is extremely higher than the US investors. So we're definitely seeing that happening. And in Japan specifically, they're the one of the biggest buyer of volatility. So if you look at all the structure product that exists in Japan today in traditional markets and the same buyer can definitely go and buy the Bitcoin structure products as well. The only nuance is distribution. And I think when you wrap the whole entire product into a change tradable solution that allows the distribution to happen in a much more seamless way, means a lot more people can get access to it. Amy, you mentioned six trillion in crypto assets being processed on fire blocks. Where is that? Can you break that down for us? Is that how much is that retail, institutional? Is it state interest in there? Yeah, it's zero retail. We only service businesses and institutions. If I break down our segments across crypto trading will be one segment. Retail, fintech is the other. Payments is in the middle. Banking and non-financial corporates. These are how we look at our customer base. I would say right now it's 20% in payments, 20% in banks and large financial institutions. And the rest 60 are split between what I consider called crypto natives. Right. And in terms of flow and transfers and kind of what the activity comes from. Again, I think a lot of our clients, which you guys probably know, are big crypto trading firms. Right. So they trade OTC brokerage on and off exchange with each other. That's one area we're seeing. And the other side is really just growth we're seeing in payment companies. In fact, we're seeing a lot of our traditional brokerage clients who used to offer Bitcoin OTC and trade crypto. Now all of a sudden are going pure stable coin flows. And when we're asking them like what is driving this change in business objectives? It very effectively becoming the on and off ramp venues for traditional businesses. Right. Because a lot of the crypto players have gotten banking relationships. Now they've gotten licenses. They've got the technical know how and the financial market know how. They're the perfect venue to offer liquidity for the boom we're seeing stable coin. So that's definitely be an area we're seeing. Staking is something that we are very actively working on. We've got staking partners both in native token staking as well as liquid staking as well as DeFi staking. The only caveat I will highlight is because majority of customers of Fireblocks are what I consider active users. Because we generally believe that assets and storage don't generate enough yield. Assets and movement is what driving business value. So a lot of our clients actually is not like buying and holding E for a long duration of time. So from that perspective, maybe today 5% of our clients are staking natively through our platform. Okay. Well, this panel is on the next wave of crypto investments. So I, you know, if you were to put, where do you see the money flowing in 2025? Honestly, I think products around institution Web3 will be the hottest state in the next couple of years. This is also one of the reasons why we've been doing micro strategies. You know, I think there's what's really interesting about this is even though Bitcoin has been around specifically in Asia, there's still a lot of issues for people to buy Bitcoin and, you know, markets like for example, I think Hong Kong is a very good example. Look at Hong Kong ETF is only the Hong Kong dollar. Right. But all that R and B liquidity is locked in our, in China. I think the only way to really get through that is if something happens within the regulators in China, or if you get into Hong Kong connect. Yeah. Right. So that's a goal. That's one of the goals. But I think even other markets like Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia, the infrastructure for buying Bitcoin is very, very weak. It's very early. It's very fragile. And so buying Bitcoin is quite risky. You know, people are questioning how do I tax this? Like, it's going to be any issues with compliance, et cetera, et cetera. And so a strategy like this would, in my opinion, will work very, very well. Okay. Unlocking the power of Bitcoin. Where do you see the money flowing in 2025? I think everybody knows that post the US election, it seems like the energy is really sucked back into the US. The sleeping giant is awake again. And we're seeing a lot of activity happen in the US. Right. And that's obviously due to clear regulation, a more supportive political climate, and ultimately then fostering people's ability to do business. And I think that will have a few impact to Asia. Number one, more competition is always good. I think if you look at our Asia countries and clients who've had the opportunity in the last three years to do something to stay competitive against the US and have not, they're in a lot of trouble, right? Because not only are the US businesses growing domestically, which allow them to have a huge more balance sheet, they're expanding massively into territories like Asia competing with local players. So I think that will be point number one. But on the flip side and on the good side, with clearer US regulations, that will remove a lot of the internal risk considerations that maybe some of the larger financial institutions would have. Because historically, if you're a bank and we're doing something digital asset, you do not want to be the responsible officer that got you removed on your core banking relationships with the US banks. So now with that alleviated, the doors are open. And I can definitely see a lot of the Asia regulated businesses like financial institutions, bank custodians offering digital asset products in a much more risk on way than they were previously. So that's definitely good news. Oh, yeah, absolutely. I mean, US President Donald Trump has said that America, he wants it to be the crypto capital of the world. But in lieu of that, it's largely been the Middle East and Asia leading the conversation and the regulatory environment on cryptocurrencies. Where do you see that headed? And have you had a chance to speak to Michael Saylor? And I'm curious what he thought about what you're doing in Asia. So again, we're very close with Bitcoin magazine, which David Bailey himself is advisor to Donald Trump's Bitcoin strategy. In fact, their team is the one who wrote the executive order, which Trump signed. I think the Treasury strategy will come sometime this year. I think once that gets announced and gets executed, I do believe other places around the world will follow. I also think in general, you know, the Trump administration has a very pro crypto team behind it. And so I guess the next four years in general will be a very bold market, at least for Bitcoin. All right. Excellent. Well, thank you so much, Amy and Jason. Great conversation learning all about the micro strategy of Asia, as well as the trillions in assets you're facilitating on Fireblocks. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thanks for having us.