 Music Morning everybody. I guess as we get started I just want to paint a picture. We work in the agriculture and food world. And over the last four years we've been building an agricultural and food platform. It's web 3 and mobile. And we have about 2 million users of our platform around the world. And are growing very quickly. The thing I want you to think about is the agricultural space lags from a technology perspective. Right now there's about 570 million farmers in the world producing a lot of the world's produce. We're connected to them in 35 projects around the world right now. And we're adding projects every month. You know just to paint a picture of this world. The user is detached from technology. They have difficulty accessing financing. They have difficulty working with various regulations. And our platform helps manage all of that for them. So we typically work with cooperatives and big huge food companies to bring this technology to small farmers in Africa and Asia and South America and Americas and Europe. And it's pretty exciting. So today a couple of my team members are here with me. You see our pictures up on the board. So we don't need to introduce ourselves. Andreas is going to moderate. And we're just going to talk about this and give you some time to ask questions after. Thank you, John. And thank you guys for showing up today. So to summarize this, what we're talking about here is reaching 570 million farmers globally that are not even in Web 1.0. And we're talking about automating services to take them from not being online to Web 3.0 services that you all think about and work on. So that's what we're going to talk about here. Thank you for coming. And we're kicking it off to give you an example on how we scale this. What is the technology we use on the ground to scale that impact? And Carlotta, our director for ESG, she's creating our product on an ESG platform for Dimitra. And she can tell us a little bit about that. Tell us. Thank you very much, Andreas. Nice seeing you all here. Well, ESG stands for Environment, Social, and Governance, as some of you might know. But it's really all about sustainability. So what we want to do at Dimitra is indeed leveraging cutting-edge technology, such as artificial intelligence or blockchain technology, to really enable a successful, sustainable, and also very accessible solution for farmers globally to onboard and to actually access more benefits from the market. So we have different real-world impact projects. Like John mentioned, we have a global presence. And for instance, we just launched a project with Brazil, the biggest association of fruits, whereby we are helping them to actually bridge the gap between what they're already doing successfully in terms of sustainability, from water management to well-being in the workforce to good governance, to actually being able to show that transparently and with accountability onto the blockchain. And that's just one example. But we can talk about many others. So in that project, we're turning data points that they're already working on on their farm, in their production of food, into a protocol that we can then do statistics on for them and for their group to improve their ESG levels. So, John, we have a wheel up here of all that great technology that you and your team are envisioning for the future and that you've already implemented in some of these real-world projects on a large scale. I mean, we're already talking to 2.5 million users today. And we're scaling up to about 100 million in the next two years. So here we are. Tell us about that technology and what's the biggest impact that you see that needs to happen now on the ground. Well, I think there's a lot of technology that we've got up here. These are applications. These are components of our applications. And most of those have already been built and have been beta tested or actually live. AI this year is one of our biggest impacts. And we're building three AI protocols this year. You know, I'll give you an example of one of those. We have a group of 150,000 farms run by or invested in by a bank in Brazil. And this bank needs data on the performance of those farms. So we have a yield estimation process that we've developed with a little bit of input from the farmer satellite and some other statistical information that we analyze that an individual can go in, you know, with a token, buy, or a bank can buy a report every month that comes out on the farm, on the performance, and the prediction of the output of that farm. So great tool for investors, great tool for lenders, great opportunity to set up various lending pools and Web3 crypto pools that we can empower with these predictive tools. And we've got those first 150,000 farms set up for that right now. So we're building this protocol to automate that. And it's already been built and tested. We've just got to get through the protocol final testing. So we're talking about automating small-scale financing for the farmer. And they might be looking for $100, $200, $500 that they need to advance them to the next harvest. So automating those processes that are too costly for the old-world banking system, that's where we're interested in looking at new technologies and new partners to automate that process for the farmer that's not yet digitized. And what's then the next step to making a real-world impact for the farmer, monetizing other things that they do? Yeah, I mean, carbon credits is one that's great. And Carlotta's got a lot of involvement in our carbon credit program. Most farms in the world can't access a carbon credit program, although they do very carbon-positive activities on their farm, like planting trees. An individual farm can't offset the cost of applying for carbon credits based on what they might earn from a carbon credit perspective. You know, your typical one-acre or one-hectare farm might earn $40 in carbon credits per year. We've got a project in Ethiopia right now where we've got a contract with a group of cooperatives, 1.2 million farms, and we can offset all of that cost, digitize that on a 10-year contract. So each one of those farmers, if they plant 30 trees depending on the species of tree, may earn a carbon credit. And they get that every year for 20 years as long as they're part of the program. So, you know, that carbon credit today is worth around $20. If you plant hundreds of trees, you know, they can make even hundreds of dollars. And that's a supplement to their farm income. And that's a big supplement. If you consider that their profit currently starts at about $600 a year for a coffee farmer, that's how much they're making in profit a year. So the impact of $40 to $100 a year, free money, is huge for that community. And that's what we're automating here. And if I may add something to that as well. Please do. I think the Dimitra AI is also very interesting when it comes to truly empowering smallholder farmers with insights based on data-driven takeaways, basically. So what we're trying to do, for instance, in Kenya, we had a project that is called One Million Avocados, whereby, via our app, we actually help farmers to identify what is the best suitability in terms of land and water resources and how to plant the avocado trees and where specifically so that they could actually increase their yield longer term. So this is, again, an example of how high-tech or cutting-edge technology can really be used on a day-to-day basis for farmers. So to translate it for my 10-year-old niece, maybe, so you have farmers that don't have the money to plant new avocado trees because it takes two years to produce avocados. So they don't invest $100 into that tree. We do what, John? What do we do? Well, I mean, we went out and bought 10,000 trees and we gave them to farmers as an investment. And that's one of the things we do at Dimitra. We went out and planted those trees with them. And we take a 20% yield from the tree. The farmer gets the tree, which they typically would never plant, and just because of the duration of the investment. And we earn an ongoing investment. And investors in us earn an ongoing investment in those trees. So we created NFTs around each tree that we invested in, but that we have on our marketplace to also have other investors invest in, correct? Yeah. We have a similar project in Brazil. So one of the state governments of Brazil, Araima Brazil, wants to grow their cocoa production. So working with that state government, working with a government agency on fruit, working with a government agency on small business, we have a program where we are looking to plant maybe 300,000 cocoa trees over the next few years in Brazil. So the investors would invest in that and earn a yield back based on the cocoa production. And if you guys know, cocoa last year went through the roof in price, right? Our chocolate bars are going up in price. It's a problem for me. But as we go through this, people have an opportunity to invest in cocoa. Cocoa outperformed from a total price perspective Bitcoin last year. And saw about a 9x in one year in price. It's very lucrative to plant cocoa now. And there's a lot of problems. And we have technology, you know, and Carlotta alluded to our AI. We have AI to help farmers combat and have early warning systems for cocoa black pod disease, which is one of the reasons we're having these problems for climate change. I mean, there's lots of reasons. And you may want to touch more on some of the AI stuff. Yeah, yeah. No, that's very interesting, actually. In terms of predictive analysis, AI can really combat a lot of different climate change issues that can be mitigated by farmers who actually do not have previous knowledge on it. Because we do not expect farmers in developing countries to have a very high education. But via our app, via knowledge sharing, in a very easily accessible way via the app, farmers all of a sudden can access these kind of insights and can actually do something about mitigating climate change, for instance. But also, AI can help them to detect diseases. So we had another project with citrus diseases in Brazil, whereby by taking a picture, a farmer could actually detect ahead of time what kind of trees had to cut down in order to not let the pest spread in the farms. And I think all of these more data-driven insights are all of a sudden accessible and democratized, if you want to use this world nowadays, to smallholder farmers. And that's really our mission. So this is the essence of what we do. We take complex technology and complex knowledge and automate it through technology to transfer it to a farmer that we are taking by the hand onto a digital journey that they're not on yet. So to the community, it's always interesting to talk to, what are the partners you're looking for, John, at an event like this? Who are the interesting partners that you might bring in to collaborate on a project basis? Well, I think, you know, we're always looking at technology partners. Who brings another comparable technology or something that's going to support our mission? And that can be on the financing side. We look at individual financing on individual projects. One of the partners we have is the United Nations. They have hired us and are using our application in South America. They just gave us another project that there will be some announcements on shortly. And then they're currently expanding the initial software that we provided them. So we've got three contracts with the United Nations in the last year. You know, we're looking at how do you finance individual projects? Ethiopia, for example, we're doing this carbon project for 1.2 million farms. It costs us about $11 in order to onboard a farm. And then that project will yield somewhere in the $40 to $50 million a year range for 10 years, as long as those farmers are participating. And there's no reason for them not to participate because it supplements their income. So that means, just as an example for those of you that are in this space, we're looking for a project partner for that project in Ethiopia to provide a liquidity pool of 10 to 15 million to kick off that onboarding of these 1.2 million farmers for a project that will yield 40 to 50 million in revenue each year over 10 years. That's what we're talking about. Yeah, and we've already kicked it off because we've made a personal investment. We've hired teams at three of the cooperatives in Ethiopia, and they're out gathering the data already at some of those farms. So we're targeting right now this month to have about 10,000 farms registered and signed up for the program. Although they've already signed the contract, we have to visit the farm and we have to get a geofence of the farm. And then we have auditors, and we have to meet certain audit requirements to get those carbon credits over time. So there's an annual audit requirement. But the project is going. And the cool thing about that project is it piggybacks onto all this other software. So Andreas was recently promoted. He's our head of sales globally, and he ran our European division. And one of our products up here is for compliance. And we have an EUDR project. And EUDR is a deforestation regulation that every farm in the world that sells seven different products, coffee, cocoa, or some of them soybean, needs to comply with if they're going to ship their products to Europe. And so we enable that. And not only do we enable it to the farmer, we enable it to the coffee company. So Andreas and his team have gone out and signed up a number of large coffee traders, coffee farming organizations, roasters. And each one of those organizations sign up with us and give us thousands and thousands of farms to do the analysis. This year we're building a protocol for that. So we enabled it in a Web 2 method. Now the AI is working. So now we're enabling it through a protocol. And they'll be able to issue a geofence or a grouping of geofences and receive a report back and say, here's your 3,600 farms on your report. 200 of them are not compliant. And here's their compliance issues. And how much value does that create for your coffee customer or your cocoa customer? Well, it creates the value that we also take them by the hand from Web 1.0 to Web 3.0 by automating those services of data analysis. So we're talking about, in summary, they need to provide traceability to the farm level. They need to define a geofence around the farm. And we analyze that geofence if there was deforestation done since 2020. And the companies in Europe, the big roasters and traders, are incapable of understanding that that requires investment into the farming community to get that data. And that's what we're bridging, that gap of understanding, of taking also that customer in Europe by the hand into Web 3.0. And what is that journey in your mind for the farmer? And why are you so passionate, John, about the farmer? Well, I mean, there's a couple reasons. One is I grew up on my grandfather's farm. And so I love farming. Maybe when I was young and I was a computer programmer, I didn't love farming so much and wanted to escape that world a little bit. But then, you know, the allure of farming became important to me. Over my years, I've been building software systems and built a number of ERP systems, business and logistic systems, for some of the biggest players in the world. And I spent a lot of time consulting in that area. And as I was doing that, we would work on food systems with big food players. And I found there was always a data disconnect between the farmer and the large food company. And enabling and closing that data disconnect gives us reams and reams of really valuable data. Data that we can do other things with. Data that we can monetize with universities, helping research, helping improve productivity on the farm. But the most important thing to me is every day I get up and I'm super excited about helping these farmers. You know, I did a project a number of years ago in the Congo. The government of Congo asked me to go. I spent a bunch of time there. And the farmers are so hardworking. You know, the average income of the farmer was about $600 a year. If we can increase their productivity, even if we increase their productivity 20%, and they were grossing, you know, $3,000 a year and netting $600 a year, that's a huge impact. That doubles their take-home income. And that helps them build their community. And it's amazing, these farming communities around the world and how they support each other. And it's just like the crypto community. This is a community-based environment. And it's just as easy for us, and maybe we do some extra work for it, to go and work with these organizations and help them improve their productivity. But it's a great application for AI. It's a great application for mobile. And it's a great application for crypto. And thank you for that. That's the reason I joined Dimitra two years ago. Because he's so rooted in that community that we're trying to help. I am, by the way, as well. I grew up in Germany in a farming community. But Carlotta, what excites you about Dimitra? Because you joined quite recently in October of last year. Yeah, indeed. I was not fortunate enough to be living on a farm growing up, but I would have loved to. And I think generally reconnecting to the land is very important. And what I found out around six years ago, I got into blockchain and crypto. And what really stuck with me was this protocol that I read on Ethereum that was enabling access for women to get loans in India. So entrepreneurs from the other gender could all of a sudden access finance. And so I got captivated by the crypto space because of the democratizing access that it gives. And then when it comes to agriculture, there are so many applications for it. And I thought, why not combining the both of them? Because I think empowering smallholder farmers is extremely important considering the numbers. And I do love to eat. I'm a foodie, honestly. So I care for food and I care for having traceable, organic, and I would say just sustainable food systems on our planet. Thank you for that, Carlotta. That's their driver. My driver is meeting people and connecting people in the real world. And I have new friends that I made yesterday. I'm going to have many more new friends made today. So I want to reach out to you guys. Help us make that connection between your brains and your brain pool of your teams and our projects to take those farmers by the hand and guide them in a secure way onto the digital journey that we've been on all our lives. Thank you, guys. And I want some questions, one or two questions from the audience. Who's got a question for me? For John, for Carlotta? It's 2,000 people thinking. It's 2,000 people. There's a lady. Thank you. Please, the microphone runner. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your contributions. I was wondering, what is the one project that you are most proud of? Because you've been mentioning a whole bunch. Thanks. What are you most proud of, Carlotta? Well, I just came in as a director of ESG. So, of course, I'm proud of our collaboration with the biggest association of fruits in Brazil. I think we're really going to be leading and revolutionizing sustainability in the fruit industry as Brazil is one of the major exporters of fruits. So that's my own bias. Favorite project. I think that that's a great project. And we went out and got Carlotta to come on and run this program. I'm so excited to have her. We worked with her on another project elsewhere. And she's amazing to talk to. So please take the time to talk to her if you see her walking around here. Don't underestimate Brazil. Brazil is the third largest exporter of fruit in the world. Our organization that signed us is the organization that manages 80% of the exports of fruit from Brazil. And they have a vision to work with everybody who buys Brazilian fruit in the world to comply with and be audited to a certain level from an ESG perspective. And there's regulations coming out on this. So today people are doing ESG because investors want it, because it's important to them, and because it's the right thing for the earth. But in a year and a half... It will be mandatory. It'll be mandatory for them. So imagine all of the fruits that are exported from Brazil will be running through our program in a year and a half. We have other organizations in the world that do that. And so I'm proud of it. One, because I get to work with Carlotta. But two, Brazil's an amazing country to work with, and we have a lot of great relationships there. You know, I'm proud of our RWA program in Kenya. And we have this young, passionate guy. We went and partnered with a group there called One Million Avocados. And it was a young guy who loves avocados, created an organization to go and help avocado farmers. And an avocado farmer in Kenya makes about 50 cents a pound, or sorry, per kilo per avocados. On export, if we can prepare them for export and comply for ESG and comply for deforestation compliance, they can make about three times that amount of money. So if I look at an organization that has, I think, 57,000 farmers in Kenya that focus on avocado, taking them from 50 cents, when they have a landed cost to them of over 40 cents for an avocado, to $1.50 or $1.30, whatever price we can get in, depending on the market that day, by helping them digitize their process is really rewarding to me. And so the most rewarding thing to me is taking somebody who, with a little bit of technology and a little bit of effort, throw some AI at it, and a mobile app, simple mobile app that they can use, and tripling their income is super rewarding. I've been in tech my whole life, and it's been a rewarding career for me. But the reason I moved away from big tech and most of my stuff has been enterprise, enterprise tech, is the ability to help people. Because when I was working for the big corporation, yeah, people were using the app, and a lot of Americans and Europeans were using the app, but in all reality, I never really felt like I made a big difference in their life. And what we do today feels like I can make a big difference in their life. Thank you for that. And thank you for that question. I'm very proud of the Ethiopian Coffee Project where we're onboarding 1.2 million farmers right now. And I'm so excited to find the right partners that understand trade financing and this world to provide that liquidity pool for the next 18 to 24 months. That's what I'm interested in right now and very excited. One more question. 90 seconds. Yeah, hi. Yeah, hi. I'm very new to the Web3 space, so this question may be a bit silly. I think I get what you're doing, that you're allowing access, easy access to data both ways. How do you ensure that that data is correct to begin with? So data on, I think you were talking about sustainability in farms and that there wasn't deforestation. How are you auditing and checking that before that data gets onto the chain? And have you ever run into any problems with that? Short answer. Yeah, so there's a lot of ways we validate it. Very first thing we do when a farm registers is we take a satellite snapshot of that farm and we built AI protocols to count the number of trees on the farm, to look at the canopy coverage on the farm. What percentage canopy coverage do they have? We can count the number of palm oil trees or the number, you know, and predict the yield. So we have a lot of algorithms that we've built in order to assess each individual farm from a sustainability perspective and from a productivity perspective. And then we back that up through an on-the-ground audit program. So Ethiopia, for example, each one of those cooperatives that we're working on has auditors that go out. So we have service technicians. And then third, through, you know, Vera and different groups, gold standard, depending on the protocol, we need to follow a certain audit requirements as maybe 5% need to be audited or 10% need to be audited. We continue. Go find John. We can talk. Go find us. As we are out of time, it felt like a CrossFit workout where I have 10 seconds left and he's going long. So thank you guys for being here. Please come see us. Talk to us. We're here the next two days. Looking forward to it. Have a successful show. Thank you very much. We can just go right out here after. Like I saw, there were some other hands. Let's talk. Happy to talk right now. Thank you. Have fun. Thank you. Thank you.