 Welcome guys. We've got three crypto wallet executives here today. We've got Ian from Ledger, we've got Tim from Octopus Holdings, and we've got Alessio from Hextrust as well. And today's panel is on the evolution on crypto wallets as well. So we'll start with Alessio. Alessio, can you just give us a brief rundown, maybe rewind a little bit on the evolution of crypto wallets? I mean, going back to the time where it was a bit clunky and the interface is a bit more complicated to today, where we've got a lot more user-friendly experiences. Yeah, thanks. Well, the evolution of crypto wallets probably dates back to basically the initial stages of crypto. So we're talking about probably 2009, 2010. I'm not sure how many in the audience actually used the first wallets that were really paper-based and simple kind of command line type of wallets, unusable. So basically, they belong to the initial phase of tech people that were basically the spearheading the evolution of crypto. So I think over the years, we had a number of evolutions, right? Obviously, we had the first UI-based wallets that changed the way the users could actually interface with the wallets. Then we had, I would say, the third phase where we had the hardware wallet, which separated actually the cryptographic part of the transaction from the actual UI. There was a revolution. Why? Because it really increased security and allowed people to focus on developing UI on one side, and on the other side to have people specialized on cryptographic technologies, etc. Then from there, basically, we started, I would say, the institutional adoption phase, where we had the first iteration of HSM hardware security module-based wallets with encryption, certain cryptographic technologies to increase securities, authentications, etc., as well as the last phase of MPC, where instead of having everything concentrated in one single point of failure, you basically distribute the secrets across different parties and probably distribute them geographically, trying to reduce the single point of failure. Next phase, maybe we can talk about it later. I think we basically are moving more and more towards wallets that are not in control of the actual user, so the self-custody wallets. We're moving more and more towards institutional wallets, where you have big institutions that everybody can trust, that basically hold your secrets and hold your assets. And yes, it's a little bit of a leap of faith, and basically goes against a little bit the initial way that we were thinking about cryptocurrencies, but that's the current trend. Amazing. And Ian, as well, I'd be keen to hear your thoughts on how you found security features have evolved over time, and I guess what's the next steps now in ensuring we can protect users from hacked wallets and lost keys? I mean, this evolution is very much like the evolution of usability on the Internet. I mean, I remember when you didn't say, go to my website or download my app, you said there's this thing called the Internet, and if you get a computer and a modem and an ISP and a web browser, then you can download this ugly page really slowly. And I think, you know, you're always coming up that usability curve. And for us at Ledger, the goal is always to try to increase the usability and improve the user experience without ever compromising on either security or self-custody, and really build a platform for security. So, you know, we've gone from, and how many people here have a Ledger? Thank you very much, and thank you, thank you. And, you know, you probably have a Ledger Nano, which is, you know, kind of this form factor. Well, I mean, that's also from a usability perspective. I mean, from a security perspective, it's top of the line. It's, you know, you have a secure element that is connected, you know, directly to the input and output. And just briefly, just so you can think about security in your life, the things you need to be secure is you need to have your private key generated by and stored in a secure chip. You know, the computation needs to happen in that secure chip, and then you need to be able to approve with your own eyeballs on a screen with secure input and output. And Ledger is the only solution that checks all three of those boxes. But the usability of something where you click OK with two thumbs is not, you know, something that my mom or my sister, you know, could do. And which is why, you know, we've been working on these ones that have touchscreens, you know. So it's the same security model in that it's powered by the same chip that's in your credit card, but with better usability. So the drive for us is always to keep trying to improve that usability. And one of the key things is, you know, what do you do with that recovery phrase? So trying to push forward with things like Ledger Recover into just increasing the total addressable market for people to do secure self-custody. That's what the way we think about it. I guess, like, what is the most common complaint you get about Ledger in terms of usability at the moment? Well, I think when you're really, you know, we support 100% of the top 100 tokens, but then your support of everything is relatively mixed. Also, you know, we have a ton of integrated services for buying and swapping and staking, etc. But, you know, we sell to more than 200 countries every month. And the, you know, kind of, I think the biggest complaint we get is just the unevenness of all of that, because you're supporting different coins and chains at different levels, and you're supporting different geographic jurisdictions with different services. So, you know, you end up, because you live in the real world, you end up with kind of, you know, mixed levels of support in different places. And you're also, you know, you're trying to do, I mean, it'd be much easier if we were building a wallet for one chain. Yeah. Our life would be much easier. But, you know, to really try to support and make sure that you're safe, no matter what you're trying to do with your own digital property. Well, now it's a pretty large problem to try to untangle. It's like a web browser trying to support every page on the internet. Exactly. And I think that brings us to our next point, and I'd be interested to hear your thoughts, Tim. I guess wallets, they started as Bitcoin only, expanded to Ethereum, and now need to support multi-chain transactions. I guess, like, how has wallet architecture, I guess, adapted to this expansion? So, just a quick clarification, right, that Octopus is not a crypto wallet. Just by show of hands, I know there's a lot of tourists or folks visiting Hong Kong, right? But how many of you guys have used or heard of Octopus? Okay. All right. All right. Good. So, I don't need to do a lot of user education here, right? But, you know, Octopus is the world's first contactless payment wallet, right? So, it was launched more than 25-plus years ago. So, in dog years, right, that's, you know, over 150 years old, right? So, we're essentially the OG of fintech wallets, right? And, you know, when you're talking about customer experience, user experience, et cetera, I think one of the major misconceptions of folks that use Octopus is that folks typically think that Octopus is in the payments business, right? But, actually, from my point of view, we're not in the payments business, right? Because if you think about how you can top up into Octopus, there's a couple ways of how you can top up into Octopus or any given general e-wallet. One is cash, bank transfer, credit card, as well as crypto or CBDC, et cetera, et cetera. But if you think about all those various different fund sources, cash, bank transfer, credit card, crypto, CBDC, et cetera, et cetera, you can already do payments with these. Why take that extra step to be able to top up into the Octopus or into the wallet, right? It's because Octopus provides a better customer experience, right? So, when you're talking about UX, when you're talking about UI, essentially, and you're talking about what is the business that a company is in, it's essentially what is the value that you provide to the customer, right? And the value that Octopus provides to our customers is the customer experience layer that sits on top of that payment layer, right? So, as the homegrown biggest e-wallet in Hong Kong, we serve everyone from 8 years old to 80 years old, right? From public transport to convenience stores to grocery stores to online to offline, right? And as we talk about UX and the evolution of UI, as a customer experience business, we need to be able to evolve as our customers evolve, right? So, we've started off as a plastic physical card with a secured element built in. We've moved in recent years to a mobile digital card with using the secured element within the phone itself. And as we move forward, right, we also want to be able to explore how can we leverage the distribution that Octopus has within Hong Kong to be able to act from a user experience standpoint as a bridge between the Web3 ecosystem as well as real-world use cases within Hong Kong itself. I guess, interesting now to move on to everyone's favorite word at the conference, regulations. I guess, as governments now impose more compliance, how is that going to impact wallet development? Interesting to hear from you, Alessio. Alessio. All right. I think I'll be a little bit controversial on this. I think, speaking to a crypto crowd, obviously, a lot of crypto people are familiar with, I would say, very fond of self-custody. Because that's how the movement of crypto was born. But we are heading towards a stage where crypto finance is basically merging into traditional finance, right? We're seeing institutional bringing capital in, investing especially in Bitcoin as a reserve asset. And we're seeing assets from traditional finance being brought to the blockchain. So what happens then? If you want to be part of the blockchain universe, and if you want to be connected to the banking rails, if you want to make payments, if you want to off-ramp your stable coins to your currency in your country, and invest in investment opportunities, etc., you'll have to go through this compliant step. I think it's not going to take a very long time until basically every single wallet that is connected to the banking rails will have to be KYC'd. And regulated institutions like HexTrust, we have to impose KYC to obviously all of our clients. But also we have to monitor all the transactions that come in and out of our wallets, complying with the travel rule, which basically mandates us to identify the beneficiary of every single transaction. So once that happens, we'll be at a crossroad. Right now, self-custody is very convenient because you don't have to go through all these compliance steps. But at a certain point, when you add KYC, when you add all the monitoring, when you add all the compliance burden to the self-custody solution, then you will be left basically with only the negatives about self-custody, which is, all right, I need to take care of my keys. If I lose my keys, I will lose my money. So I think there will be a very important decision of, if I want to be connected to the banking rails, then I'll probably be more prone to choosing a custodial wallet. Yeah? At the end of the day, I would say we call it wallet. Wallet in the original term means bag, right? A wallet is something, usually your physical wallet that you have in your pocket. What do you put in your wallet? You put something that you can afford to lose, right? You don't put all your properties in your wallet because you know that if you lose your wallet, somebody might not return it to you. That's the same thing as self-custody, right? You would put in the self-custody wallet something that you cannot afford to lose. But then if you also add the compliance step, well, then the trade-off between self-custody and custody becomes a little bit more blurred. And I think we will have more people opting for more centralized solutions. I think if I could add to that, I mean, I think if you look at it today, you already have far more people opting for custodial solutions, right? You know, you've got hundreds of millions of people on exchanges. And then, you know, you've got tens of millions of people in software wallets. And then, you know, if you look at the world of, you know, hardware wallets like Ledger, it's probably, you know, we've sold 7 million wallets to probably 5 million people. So it's, you know, if you look at the kind of 500 million number in the entire, you know, which gets touted in the world of crypto, you know, actually the vast, vast majority of it is custodial. And, you know, when you look at actual secure self-custody, it's a very small percentage. I think if you think about, you know, where is it reasonable to keep your digital value? I mean, let's actually start further out. I think we live digital lives and we will therefore have digital private property. Private property is, without private property, you don't have freedom, right? Privacy and private property is a requirement of freedom. And so that's what we believe at Ledger. And I believe that strongly, that societies without private property and without privacy do not have freedom. So, you know, really everything that we do is pushing toward a world that has the option for private property and for privacy. Now, I think also, you know, digital value and digital private property goes beyond crypto. It goes beyond Bitcoin, you know, beyond crypto coins. It goes into our identity. You know, I want to live in a world where I can tell an application that I am provably above the age of 18 without needing to give it my date of birth, right? I want to be able to prove these kinds of things without needing to expose more than I need to. If we're going to live in a world of agentic AI, I'm not going to give agentic AI my 1Password account so that it can book me a flight to Miami, right? You know, I'm not going to give it my credit card information and, you know, my Delta account, etc. I want to be able to federate my own preferences. So a world where we live, a world where our preferences as human beings are stored across thousands of websites is not the same world of agentic AI. We will need ownership. And I think what will happen is it will be heterogeneous. We'll have a lot of custody, and that'll be an option that we take in many cases. And then there will be ways to have digital private property which are convenient for consumers. You know, whether that's, you know, multi-sig type of things with a great user experience. Things like Ledger Recover, which actually allow us to use our identity to, you know, to back up our seed phrase. Those all have a place, right? It's not an either-or. I think it's very heterogeneous. And our wallet is quite heterogeneous. If you look at what we have in our pocket, we have a mixture of custody and self-custody. I have a credit card with a high limit. I have a debit card with a low limit. I've got some cash. I've got some Metro cards. I've got some identity tokens, right, a.k.a. driver's license. And, you know, and so, you know, I think that the future will be better technology to do more with a mixture of custody and self-custody. And with the ability for me to prove who I am and to own my data and my preferences in a way that I don't own it on the Internet today. Tim, I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on the identity component to wallets as well. Yeah, so I think when we're talking about custody and we're talking about identity, right, essentially at the end of the day, what we're really talking about is control, right? And I think one of the common misconceptions of Octopus is that we actually don't operate on a centralized ledger architecture, right? We operate on what we call a truth on card architecture design. So the actual ledger balance isn't stored on a central database somewhere. It's actually decentralized and stored on the secured element of the 20 million plus cards that we have in circulation today, whether it's plastic or whether it's digital, right? And the decentralized ledger then utilizes the point of sale acceptance points to act as nodes to be able to reconstruct that overall ledger. That's essentially the architectural design of Octopus, right? So we're one of the world's first decentralized ledger technologies, right, 25 plus years ago. So I think when we're talking about custodial, we're talking about identity, we're talking about wallet, you know, I would agree here that, you know, wallet isn't just a store of your money, right? It essentially is who you are. It's a representation of who you are, right? And when visitors, I think one of the things that surprises visitors when they visit Hong Kong is that they see that Octopus isn't actually just a payment tool. Folks in Hong Kong actually use Octopus to be able to go into their apartment building, to be able to enter their office premises, to be able to act as a membership card, to be able to track their loyalty points, or even to be able to act as a ticket to be able to enter events. So very similar to how, you know, Apple ID is the digital representation of the customer or the users within that Apple ecosystem. Octopus is the digital representation of folks in Hong Kong within the overall Hong Kong ecosystem. But using the secured element and using a self-custody architecture design. And, you know, obviously before, a lot of people here from Hong Kong are already aware of Octopus as well. It can do a lot of things. It's very versatile. What can they expect in the future from Octopus, you know, looking ahead now, the next 12, 24 months? So I think one of the unique advantages of Octopus is the strength of its distribution, right? You know, I think there's, I was on LinkedIn the other day and somebody posted a LinkedIn post. And what they said was that actually in Hong Kong, there's more people with Octopus cards than there are people with Hong Kong ID, right? And, you know, in terms of the amount of volume that we process, we process approximately 120 billion per annual, right? Which is essentially almost 5% of Hong Kong GDP. And we're accepted everywhere in Hong Kong, 190,000 acceptance points, right? So when you're talking about the future direction of Octopus, I think one of the key focus areas is how do we utilize that unique advantage, which is the strength of our distribution, right? I think historically, Octopus operated on a very closed-loop ecosystem design, right? But to be able to truly leverage the strength of our distribution, we want to be able to move towards more of an open-loop ecosystem design, where we can leverage the strength of that ecosystem to benefit from our distribution. But also, we can benefit from the use cases that come from that ecosystem as well, right? So I think there's a saying that it takes a village, right? And that essentially is the focus for the future direction of Octopus, right? Is how can we partner together with the ecosystem to be able to mutually benefit? And Ian briefly touched on it before. I'd be keen to hear your thoughts, Alessio. Obviously, mobile wallets have played a huge part in onboarding new users to crypto as well. But what improvements do you see needing to happen to really make it as seamless as Web2 applications? So, I mean, I think, well, you're the CXO, so maybe it's a good conversation. But I think in the last few years, we certainly had an amazing improvement, starting from paper, of the UI of wallets. I think the main players in the space, Ledger and the other ones, really tried to improve the UX. But they had to basically fight against this kind of super-fast growth of the industry, right? So, all of a sudden, you don't only have three blockchain protocols, but you have, I don't know, 150 to support. You don't only have one standard, DRC20, but you have 30 standards to support your NFTs. Then, all of a sudden, you have all the additional services that didn't exist. Staking, right? Connectivity to DeFi, Web3, etc. That has to be supported from the wallets. Investment yield opportunities, etc. Then, now you have all the cross-chain support so that you can move one token to another chain. And now, the off-exchange settlement capabilities. So, all of these things basically made the UX still very hard to use. When you open a crypto wallet today, if you're not a crypto-native user, you're still very lost, right? You still need to copy and paste these addresses. You still make mistakes. You still need to... Okay, am I sending USDT on the right network? Is it on Polygon or is it Ethereum or is it on Tron? Have I received the transaction? Why is it still confirming? Is it a compliance issue? It's absolutely painful. So, somebody, it's not Hextrust, but somebody, especially from the retail side, will have to come up with a revised UX where the user is really abstracted away from all these technological details that do not add any value to the experience of the user, but really make it extremely complex and painful and cumbersome to enter the crypto world. But I would love to hear your thoughts. Yeah, I agree with everything you just said. I think that, to me, this is all about phases in an industry. Look, I'm old. I started building on the internet in 1990, and I did digital music for 20 years. I was a part of Winamp. I ran Yahoo Music in the 2000s. I built Beats Music. I built Apple Music. And over that time, I went from ripping CDs at a command line, there's the paper wallet analogy, right, to, hey, Siri, play the Beatles, right? And that's a, hopefully, a bunch of people's phones just started playing the Beatles. I have an Android phone, so I wasn't nervous. And that's normal. Also, we went from hundreds of music tech startups in the early 2000s to basically four by 2015, right? So consolidation also happens over time. You know, there was that time when there were transitions from kind of, you know, AOL to the web to whatever came next when, you know, the web had to add CSS and all these, like, things that were very complicated for, you know, for web browsers to support and keep up with and web developers to keep up with. But over time, you know, you get, you know, it gets sorted and it gets consolidated. So I think, you know, it is a nightmare to try to support everything that you just mentioned. And I mentioned it at the beginning as well. You know, it really is just an incredible amount of work. And it becomes cognitive overload for the user. No question. But it doesn't scare me because I see it as part of the journey. And what you do is you just keep chipping away at it, right? You know, for us to have gone from, you know, the original Ledger product to the Nano product to these secure touchscreen products. I know what the next three years of hardware roadmap for Ledger looks like. I know what the next, you know, 12 months of roadmap for, you know, for Ledger Live, which is our wallet, looks like. And, you know, we just take the problems at the top of the list and keep going down them and crossing them off. A big one that we've been focused on over the last 12 plus months is clear signing. You know, you have so many, you have all this ability and security, yet, you know, at the end of the day, you're signing a transaction that you can't read because it's a bunch of hexadecimal, right? And you're, because you're signing a smart contract and you can't read it. Well, now we've worked with the whole industry and our team will be at ETH Denver onboarding tons of dApps so that you will be able to, you know, see on a secure touchscreen, you know, you'll be able to see with your own eyes, you know, what you see is what you sign, what you're actually signing. You look at the transaction simulation that we're seeing in software wallets, whether it's Robby or MetaMask or whatever, things like what Blockade do. We're moving that onto the secure screen, right? So, you know, if you go back 18 months, you're like, oh my God, you want to pull your hair out. What are we doing? We're blind signing all the time. And 18 months later, there's a real industry-wide solution to the problem. So to me, you know, we can worry about it or we can fix it. You know, the reality is that we are going to have digital value and digital property in our digital lives. And what you said reminded me, I mean, I think something that's underappreciated about what the founders at Ledger did, and I'll take no credit for it, but it's why I'm at the company, is it's the only open development environment on top of a secure element chip on the planet, right? So you could have an Octopus app on here because this is using the same chip that's in your card. You know, it's an ST micro secure element, but there's an operating system. You can update it over the air. You can build and add arbitrary apps to it. There could be an Octopus app on this stack, and it's the only open development environment that could do that. So, you know, I would like to build that with you, actually, based on what you said just a second ago. So I think that, to me, is, you know, I believe in the power of developers, and I think that over time we solve these problems. Also, I think there's consolidation. You know, a lot of trees get planted. Not all of them grow. And, you know, we're at this magic time in the industry when there's fewer than a billion people. When there are five billion people in this industry, there will actually oxymoronically be fewer startups. It's what we saw in the world of the internet. And so I think, you know, this is all part of this, you know, timeline as we're sorting out what it means to have an internet of value. Amazing. That's a great point to conclude the panel discussion. Thanks, guys, for joining me at Alessio from Hextrust, Ian from Ledger, and Tim from Octopus Holding. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thanks, guys.