 Raghuram Gaurav Reviewer Oh, wow. It's so exciting to talk with the two biggest Eriks in Flickroup. It's an exciting time, right? Have you been to Hong Kong before? Yeah, we actually started our journey in Hong Kong. We have a lot of great people, and it's so great to see Hong Kong coming back into the space, launching their new regulation last year, onboarding new players in. So it's super exciting, and I really love the energy. Everybody's here for ConsenSys, so it's great to be here. And welcome to ConsenSys. It's great having you here. So let's just dive into it. Let's do it. I think we'll start with the same question I asked Eric from Big Panda. What is your take on the major difference between this cycle and the previous ones? I would say the first point is institutions are finally in. Over the years, if you've been in the crypto industry, you will always say institutions are coming, and they're coming, but they're never there. Yeah. And I think in January of last year, when the Bitcoin ETF in the U.S. was approved, I think that was a momentous milestone for the industry. Right. And if you look at the inflow that has come into this ETF, it's above $100 billion now. It's about 5% of Bitcoin is in the ETF. Yeah. Traded volume is $700 billion. It's massive. Yeah. So I think that is a huge difference. We're seeing institutions coming in, participating, recommending also to their clients allocations into digital assets, 3% to 5% of portfolio. This is really big. And I think it's a very huge new flow that we're seeing in the industry. I think the second point is around regulatory clarity. Of course, the big elephant in the room is the U.S. We didn't have that the last three years, but I think with the new administration that really want to bring back the U.S. in the leadership position in the digital assets space, we're going to see that clarity coming in the next couple of months. So that's going to be a big one, and everybody's looking at the U.S. right now, and we're actively contributing and participating in those conversations. Other markets like Hong Kong brought that clarity last year. In the Middle East, in the UAE and Dubai, two years ago we had VARA, and then some markets were a little bit ahead of time, like Singapore or France, like five years ago they already had that. But the last two, three years we're seeing that regulatory clarity, and that means as a business we can invest, and we're confident that we can do that safely. The last aspect I would say is AI and maybe tokenization, which is starting to pick up. All our lives have been changed by LLM and AI revolution for the last two years. The pace of innovation there is even more than what we're seeing in the crypto space, and it's already quite fast-paced. For me, when you look at the impact of AI in our life, it's going to be the creation of all these AI agents that will provide services, different levels of expertise in different parts of the world to help you in education, in health, in different domains. And all these agents, there will be billions of them, will transact, exchange value. So we'll see trillions of transactions between AI agents, and all of that will happen on the blockchain. So that ledger that enables value to be moved is going to be used massively in AI. And then on tokenization, again, institutions, they started with tokenizing fiat money, USD primarily. Now it's about $200-plus billion of fiat money tokenized, USDT leading the pack quite heavily. And then now we're seeing new financial instruments being tokenized, treasury bills, money market funds, and more instruments to come. And then we'll see, maybe down the road, in specific markets, like assets like real estates and others coming also to the blockchain. So for me, those are kind of the three major trends that I see that are quite unique to this cycle. I'll just touch upon one point that you mentioned, like regulation is so important, right, for a centralized exchange. I mean, you can't do anything without it. Do you think the need of the hour is having separate crypto regulators? Or do you think it still needs to be under the overhang of the central bank or the securities regulator? Because as you said, crypto, like two years ago, we would have never thought AI would intersect with crypto or we would be here, right? So the industry changes so fast. Do you think it's better to have like a dedicated regulator? I think what's most important is having fit for purpose regulation. Whether we have a new regulatory body like we have in the UAE or we use existing regulatory bodies, I'm quite agnostic to that. Okay. But regulation needs to adapt to the asset class. I would say most assets are probably commodities-like type of assets. Some are going to be digital collectibles. Some are going to be e-money, especially the stable coins. And then in very rare cases, they may be security. Like if we actually tokenize a security, the tokenized asset is also a security. Security, yeah. So I think based on the nature of the assets, then we have to have the right regulation framework. And who manages that? Is it a dedicated regulator? Is it different regulators that have expertise in their asset class? I'm quite agnostic on this one. Okay. And talking about, I think, the most important thing for any crypto exchange, expansion, expansion, expansion, right? What are the regions sort of in your crosshairs right now for 2025? You know, we said institutions are in, right? So I think our main focus last year was really capturing that new flow. So this one is a more global trend and then we can go to the regional aspect. Our advanced platform, our exchange venue, became the number one USD-supported platform in the world. Last quarter, we did more than $1 trillion of volume on that. And we built a very strong OTC desk. We just got a few months ago, qualified custodian in the US, the Trust Corps, and in Singapore as well. So we really built very strong offering for institutional clients, whether they are the big asset managers or the market makers that contribute into the ETF flow and can deploy their strategy on our platform. So that has been very exciting journey to see, you know, the last year. If we look at market in particular, the big news, you know, the last few weeks is Europe and Mika. Finally, we have a uniform regulation across the European Union. That's fantastic news. And we're the first to passport and have it available across Europe. So for instance, there's now new growth opportunities. We have clarity, we can market. So I'm already seeing a lot of uptrends there. It's very exciting. We talked about a Binderlist. We have very high growth and we have governments that are innovative, bold, that are putting money behind, you know, growing the industry and the sector. And that's quite unique. So, you know, I've been, last week I was in the World Government Summit meeting different participants, government regulators, and people of the ecosystem here in the UAE. And I think it's fantastic to see the engagement. People really want to grow and then gain also leadership there. And then we have other markets where we are planning some new launches. It will be quite exciting in Brazil and South Korea. So, you know, this year there's a lot happening and we're looking forward to it. Yeah, I saw a twinge in your eye when you said new offerings. But I'm not going to grill you too much on that. We'll wait for it as always. There's also been like a certain, it always existed, but like there's now a more fierce competition from DEXs, right? I mean, centralized exchanges also have to up their game in the coming years and months. What do you think is going to be the differentiating factor for a centralized exchange versus a DEX? Yeah, so, I mean, we have to admit it now, there's a lot more activity on decentralized exchanges. That's what we're seeing. You know, when we started in the industry, maybe people were creating projects. We had like a couple of projects per month. Now we have 50,000 tokens created per day, right? It's almost insane, right? And it's very hard for consumers to grasp and to navigate. But definitely there's been a shift and there's a lot of volume coming from there. So I think when we look at centralized exchanges and, you know, having built businesses with a very strong foundation of compliance, that is something that reassures customers. Not everybody is going to be able to deep dive into 50,000 tokens every day. Having consumer protection, making sure there is market integrity. You know, we've seen the last few days, you know, insider trading and all the bad behaviors. You know, you have protection when you, you know, trade on an institutional venue or a venue that is regulated, right? So I think there's a segment of customers that will still value that for quite some time. That level of protection and knowing that there are rules and frameworks in place to prevent bad behavior. Yeah. I think the second aspect is the connectivity to fiat. I think it's still unparalleled. I think Crypto.com is very well known for having the ability to bridge traditional money to digital money very easily. So I think that is hard to replicate in the decentralized world. But at the end of the day, there's an offering there. We need to be able to get it to some of our consumers that are a little bit more advanced or keen to experiment. But we need to find the right way of maybe having some kind of score or insights on what is coming there, tools for discovery. And maybe on a different platform, right? Could be our on-chain wallet, non-customer wallet and other offering that we have. So we give access, we're a gateway for this new offering that is happening on the decentralized world. But we can put, you know, some more insight and information and educate consumers on that form. Yeah. I mean, I've been talking to so many leaders of centralized exchanges in the last few days. There's an interesting, Gracie Chen said yesterday, like this is sort of the trash time for crypto. Of course, in context with the meme coins and everything. What is your take on that? You've mentioned it briefly, but do you think like it's also like a passing fancy? Or do you think this has just done some damage to the sector, but it's going to prop back up again? It's a tough question. And, you know, definitely there is a lot of communities and engagement being created. And there's also a lot of bad actors in that. So there's pros and cons, I would say. It brings us a lot of the new generation in. Gen Z's just, you know, want to discover and play. That being said, you know, as a financial institution, we need to make sure we put the right level of consumer protection. And my view is that different platforms and different levels of information we can provide to help people navigate this new world. It's not going to go away. But I think different venues and different tools should be provided for people to safely experiment with those. Yeah. And you've touched on it briefly, but like what are your expansive views on tokenization and the B2B space in general? Because it's like even like you said, we've seen from the beginning, we've seen like the early stages of peer tokenization. And now we're even into real estate and probably a lot more in the coming years. Like what are your views on that? Do you think it's something that centralized exchanges need to, you know, get on board with? And I'm like, I know crypto.com is doing it, but what are your overall views? Like, is that going to be one of the drivers for you in the coming years? Yeah. Our conviction is that, you know, in the next couple of years, in five, 10, 15 years, a lot of the assets that are usually today in traditional infrastructure will be tokenized and will be on the blockchain. So we started two years ago making sure we have the right licenses and frameworks so we can actually distribute those assets. As we talked, you know, before you have a security, if it's tokenized, it remains a security. So you need a broker dealer to be able to distribute it. Right. So we've put that licensing framework in place so we can offer all these assets. We launch in the U.S. equity trading, spot option is coming. We're rolling that out globally, FX commodities. So getting that infrastructure so people can actually trade those instruments and helping them tokenize them and bring the value of easy transfer, low cost, fractional ownership, all the good stuff that tokenization brings. So we do feel it's going to be really big. We're already prepared and I think we're the first in the industry to expand our offering from pure crypto native assets to tokenized assets. Some will be used as collateral. I think a lot of trading opportunities, especially in the institutional flow. A lot of the big corporates have equities, they have bonds, they have even ETFs in their portfolio and they can't use that as collateral and get opportunities to trade. So I do see a lot of value being created by tokenization and as an institution we'll be preparing to distribute all those assets and then working now with the institutions to tokenize. Yeah. And so with the Trump administration coming in, this is sort of like the U.S. again, I think has taken sort of the market leader position. Like it's driving a lot of hopefully a lot of new regulatory clarity into the space itself. What are your thoughts on this? Do you think specifically when I say like what is needed most from the U.S. side? Is the Bitcoin strategic reserve going to be something, you know, that's going to change the crypto sphere forever or does the crypto industry just need more clarity from the states? Well, always all in for clarity. Especially, you know, when you want to run a business, it's super helpful. I think the last three years we didn't have that and most of the regulation was regulations through enforcement, which is, you know, not the ideal way. It's not regulation, yeah. So right now this kind of is hosed and now people are thinking through what do we need to put in place to bring that clarity. There's a working group that has been set up and in the next three to four months we'll get some outcome out of that and hopefully a path to clarity. Generally, the administration is really pro-business and want to regain that leadership for the U.S. in the digital asset space. So we're super excited about that. Talking about the reserve, it's really, really cool and hot topic. I have to say I've traveled many countries last year and whether it's central banks or rent funds or even treasury departments, everybody is already thinking about that. And these conversations are heating up. They're like, where do I custody this? How can I trade? How do I manage this with my existing obligations as a central bank? So this is really a hot topic. And now that the U.S. is considering it, even already at the state level, there's more than 20 states that have passed bill or, you know, going to pass bill to have some digital assets reserved. This is happening. For me, it's inevitable. So which entity, whether it's the Fed, whether it's sovereign fund, whether it's another entity in the Treasury Department, we'll figure that out in the next few months. But it's going to be part of a portfolio, not only of individuals, but now of states. Yeah. I mean, we've come such a long way, right? I mean, it's so good to see crypto back in the news, not just back in the news for the wrong reasons, but back in the news for the positive cycle. And I think, oh, wow, we're exactly out of time. So it was lovely chatting with you, Eric. Of course. Thank you so much for being at ConsenSys. And it was amazing. I think the chat has been really insightful for the audience. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.