 Hello, hello everyone. Welcome to Consensus. We have today a very interesting fireside chat with Eric Demuth, CEO of Bitpanda. Hi, Eric. Welcome to Consensus. Hi. Thank you. So we'll just dive into it? Yeah, sure. Okay. So one of the first questions that I want to ask you is, do you see any difference or is there a major difference between this cycle and the previous cycles? Yeah, I mean, this cycle is very different to the 21 cycle because 21, everything was very retail driven, floating around. Money was moving very quickly from one coin to the other. These days it's very different because we see much more institutional driven volume. And you see with the ETF, I mean, I think the biggest today was the biggest Bitcoin ETF is around 58, 57 billion. Yeah. And this money is much more sticky. So you saw that this development has started last year. And of course, the Trump administration was helping a lot to push this, but the industry has matured. The money that is involved has matured. And I had a discussion last night and it was about, you know, altcoins, you know, is not really picking up. But in my opinion, this will change when we see with the US regulation alternative ETFs. So ETFs for other cryptocurrencies. And then I see that this money is also going in this direction. So probably it will come the time with the new Bitcoin ETF, not Bitcoin ETF, crypto ETFs, let's say in general, that we see also bigger altcoins in my opinion. Yeah, I think like you said, the structured product, especially with the altcoins are going to drive in some of the liquidity back into the market. Yes. So there's a question for you. Like, what is your take on this instant listing trend that's happening? Right? Because it's... Are you mean meme coins? Yeah. Like the meme coin. Like, do you think that's something that needs to be checked up? I think every cycle in crypto has its own little gimmick. I mean, was it NFTs, right? Yeah. I mean, I never bought NFTs. You didn't? No. Because when I don't really get it and understand it and it's just pure hype, then this is not an investment for me. Yeah. And very similar here is the meme trend where you can say, yeah, it can be fun and you can speculate, but that's it. But you have to be sure, but you have to acknowledge that this is like a community driven event. And in the end, when you see all these scandals now with the meme coins from also politicians, maybe, or like the foundation behind it or whoever is behind it, you see that the liquidity, it doesn't matter which coin it is, is not there. And in the end, it's just a smaller or let's say much smaller bunch of people or group of meme coin traders or people that shift money around, pull up some meme coins and then get out and so on. It's like a community. This will also go away. This is like a phase. This is not something that will last forever. And I think the last two, three meme coins, incidents, scandals that happened have already cooled it down. So I don't expect so much meme coin volume or new coins coming up in the next week because we've seen this now over and over again. And then it gets boring. It's like, yeah, I've seen this over and over. Yeah, that's true. Whatever it may be, but 2025 is going to be an interesting year. Like what for Bitpanda, like what is your roadmap? What is your expansion roadmap? I think it's probably the most interesting year. I've been, I mean, Bitpanda exists now for over 10 years. So 2014, 11 years nearly. And what we have always been, we've been the poster boys for regulation in Europe, right? Yeah. So with the most licenses, now we already have two Mika licenses. Another one is coming soon. And we have the Mika license. And so pretty much we collect. It's like a Pokemon, right? Right, right. Gotta have them all. No, yes. No, but we have also started to expand. Europe is our bread and butter. We focus on Europe because it's a very hard market. Right. I always say, you know, like I get interviews like, oh, player X and X, X or Y is coming to Europe. So they're not coming to Europe. They're coming to 27 individual states. I always say this. Yeah. And it's not about the regulatory part. It's also about the market. The market is so different. Like a German customer is completely different to a Spanish customer. Has nothing to, you know, like everything works differently. So this is a very hard and very small fragmented market. But this is our USP, right? We understand it and we're good at it. And we keep continuing focusing on Europe while having always the biggest coin offering there. And what we have also started now, we've received a VARA license in UAE and Dubai, we open an office. So, and because, and this is something for 2025 and 2026, where I see the biggest potential. We have a BTS, it's called. It's like, we see it like the AWS of crypto infrastructure. So we give our infrastructure because we've built everything ourselves to banks. Okay. So there are several banks already, bigger banks, also like Deutsche Bank, LBBV, also N26 maybe many people know that use our infrastructure for many different things. It's very modular. So you can fully wide label it and you can offer full crypto or even stocks to your customers. And with the US pushing the whole topic, we will see, or we are currently already seeing that all the banks are moving in. Right. And before that, we had a big sales team and, you know, doing projects with all these banks. And the sales cycles are quite long, the bigger the bank, you know. And now, since the election in the US, you see that the banks are coming to us now. They say like, okay, guys, let's explore if we can work together. Because they all see this topic, crypto tokenization is not going away. Actually, it has been made the one of the pillars of the US economic and financial policy. So like the biggest financial power in the world is putting this, you know, on the spotlight. And that means all the banks have to say like, okay, we have to look into this or even offer something. And I think this is one of the biggest trends we will see. Maybe not 100% this year, but they are starting now. They are signing the contracts. They're starting to implement, but banks take longer. But I see like, I think in one year from now, when we talk, we will see so many more banks. Also, a lot of banks, especially in the US, will have... Their own stablecoin, yield-fearing stablecoin. I think this is the next trend. The next trend for me is also yield-fearing stablecoins, and they will be directly issued from banks. Oh, like credit where credit is due. Like Bitpanda has partnered with so many, you know, massive European traditional banks. Like you said, LBBW, Deutsche Bank, Society General. And you said banks are now coming to you. But what do you think is driving it? Is it the customer demand that's driving it? Or is it just that they've realized, you know, we can no longer ignore crypto? Like this is too big. Both. On the one hand, you have the tokenization part, where also the technology itself makes their own system more efficient. So when you think about settlement between banks, but also for the stock market, I think this... But it will take longer. But they also see a huge demand. Okay. I mean, we have over 6 million customers in Europe. And the banks also see where the money flows. Right. They see very, very clearly when somebody is sending money to a crypto company. So they see the demand is not just very cyclic. Of course, it's like more higher or sometimes lower. But in the end, each year, if you flatten it out, if you blend it, it's increasing. It's increasing a lot. So even in countries such as Germany, where usually they are not very like have a huge investment culture, you already see like around the different studies are out. Like let's say around 15% are already involved in crypto. This is for such a conservative country. Yeah. This is huge. Yeah. And let's talk about, I think probably for all of us, our favorite topic, policy, regulation. Yeah. What has... How has Mika changed everything? Like what are your views on it? Mika has done a great job of... I mean, Europe, as always, is always on the front, not for technology, but for regulation. Regulation. Yeah. To draw this picture. In this case, it's not bad. But why isn't it bad? They messed up completely with the AI Act. Horrible thing. One of the most horrible regulations that have ever been published in Europe. The Mika is different because the Mika is simply like Mifit that has been there forever. Yeah. And you just transfer it to a new asset class. Yeah. And that works. That's fine. Yeah. And that's very good because clarity, you know, this is a system that works. And that also gives the comfort to banks to adopt. Right. Right? It's not a great zone anymore. They know exactly what they can do, what not, and so on. So this is good for now. So now this is a very good position for Europe. But my problem is that I think like in three years, or two years maybe, we're talking about things that haven't been invented yet in our industry. Our industry is so fast and so innovative. Yes. And there Europe has always the problem of not adopting, not being quick enough to adopt to new changes in the industry, to what is going on in the world. So we will stick to this regulation for a long time until it gets adopted to what's going on. So good for now, bad for the next, let's say in three to five years. There, I think the US is picking up immensely. I think the Trump administration will really be very, very progressive with this. Also protective because they want to attract everybody. So this is, this is, I mean, you know how they, how they act. But also Hong Kong, I talked to a lot of people also from the administration and government here. And honestly, they get it. They get web three, what's coming, what, how customers see it. They get the technology and the use cases. And that is a huge difference. So once decision makers get that, they are much more progressive with the policies they are going to imply and the flexibility and they understand that they need to be flexible of a new invention. So I think in Asia, Hong Kong will, over the next years, be, has a very good setup. I'm pretty sure. Nice. So is Hong Kong one of the target areas or maybe not? Not so much because we are focusing on Europe. Europe is very, very hard market, but very fragmented. So, but we're good at it. So it works for us. Europe is still a very large, it has a high population and it's also still very wealthy. I say still, but it is the case, right? So it's a, it's a good market. It's a headache market, but for us, it's the focus. And now we're looking more into the Middle East and, and expanding globally, not really with our retail brand, but with our B2B where we offer the infrastructure to banks and financial institutions. Can you give me some more details on the B2B side? Like, is there something you can talk about? B2B? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, the problem is I, I, I, I tend to always, uh, you know, speak too freely and then, but in this, but yeah, but the problem is in this case, you have like contracts with banks, right? And they are not so, they're not so amused if you just stay out like, but, but what I can say is in this year, um, there will be a lot more names coming out. A lot of bigger banks, uh, are moving into the space. They are currently like implementing things. Um, it takes some time testing, but I think in summer, second half of the year, you will see a lot more, uh, banks moving into the space. We just, uh, had a project running with a Societe Generale. It's not a, it's not a secret anymore. Um, in France, it's like the biggest banking group there. So you see that even the biggest banks all started, they're doing pilot projects, but they understood it, but it, it, it needs some, you know, like step by step. Yeah. But we're getting there and Trump, the Trump administration, the U.S. is forcing everybody to do this. This is not an option anymore. Yeah. It's not optional. It's like, oh, let's try it out. Sounds good. It might be some cool thing for the future. It's like, now it's mandatory. You have to do it. Yeah. Now it's mandatory to understand and, and do something and move into the space where, wherever you start, is it tokenization? Is it customer facing offering of the asset class? I don't know, but, um, they're all starting. That's great. Here's looking forward to many more interesting announcements from Bitpanda this. Yeah. It will be fun here. It's like a, yeah. Yeah. Also we're moving into the web three space. We just announced it. So next month our web three wallet comes out. We'll be very user friendly for the mainstream customer. Yeah. A lot of stuff happening. It's this, this industry after so many years, it never, it's never getting boring. Yeah. That's why we're all here. Yeah. Always a fun time. Thank you so much, Eric, for speaking with us. Unfortunately, we're out of time. Cool. Perfect. And thank you for being here. Thank you very much.