 Ben Shuller Managing Editor at CoinDesk Welcome to MainStage. I'm Ben Shuller Managing Editor at CoinDesk. And we have Rich Whitman here from Google. And Mr. Mullen here. So Google is known as kind of a Web 2 giant. I mean, you're a very dominant company and not necessarily identified with Web 3, but you have actually consistently supported Web 3 projects. So we're going to talk about one of those supporting roles that you play today. So talk about the relationship you have with Mantra here. BEN SHULERMANN BELLSENGIEGELER Yeah. So as Ben said, I run global strategy for our crypto team here at Google Cloud. They're doing that for about four years. And look, I mean, our primary role is an enabler. Right? So we work with folks like John and the Mantra team and a number of protocols over the last several years. And frankly, our objective, our mission is really to build that bridge between kind of the large planetary scale businesses that people use and are familiar with every day, particularly people who are not in the crypto space. And how do we create that on ramp for those folks into some of the areas? You know, we're going to talk a little bit about real world asset tokenization, but some of the areas that crypto is innovating in and how do we bring those folks into it? So we work with the protocols, right? They're really the main players. But our goal is just like a lot of the other Google services, we want to serve as an incubator and a platform for those folks. John? John? So, I mean, on our side, we've been working with you guys now for a few months, well, since prior to mainnet launch. Yeah, yeah. We're very fortunate that Google and GCP is running a validator on our network as well. But they've been a big supporter and obviously bring a lot of trust and credibility to our network. If you're trying to build tokenization and real world assets to become a real thing, you need to have real trusted institutions, not just financial institutions, but technology institutions to come to the party. And we're very fortunate to be working with them on a number of different initiatives. Okay, so you have an accelerator now. So how is that going to work? Yeah, so I think one of the important things now that our mainnet chain has launched at the end of last year is that projects and builders need to come and get funded. And they need to be able to actually access technical resources, financial resources, support. And that's something that we're doing together. So I think now, literally today, we're announcing that we're going to be doing an RWA-focused accelerator program together with GCP. Where builders can come, they can get capital, they can get technical resources, they can get Google Cloud credits and infrastructure support. So they have a really strong foundation to build within the monitor ecosystem. So we're super excited that that's coming live now. So you actually have a platform on Google that you can actually look at some of these projects and get the testnet tokens for them. Just tell us how that works. Yeah, so one of the things that we realize is that a lot of the tech that's happening behind the scenes when we talk about infrastructure, right, it's invisible to most people. Which is challenging, right? Because a lot of the mind share in the crypto space is really about tokens and assets. Yeah. But really this is an infrastructure revolution, right? So the things that are really happening that are magical that folks like John and the team at Monchor are doing and many others is really thinking about a new way not just to move information but now move value. And so when we realize that that's sort of invisible, what we try to do is externalize that. So we launched within the last year something called our Web3 portal. It's public. You can go look it up. And on that Web3 portal, the whole objective is for the developers or for users or even just the crypto curious, we want their journey to start there. And when they start there, we want them to be able to take action. So for example, with the Montra folks, we launched a testnet faucet, right? So if you're a developer, the first thing you're doing is interacting on the testnet and you can come to that. And actually it's the only faucet, we offer this on a number of protocols, it's the only faucet in the industry that doesn't require a main net balance in order to get a drip. Right? We have other mechanisms to prevent like civil attacks and things like that. And so what we're looking to use that platform for is how can we take a lot of the innovations that Montra and other folks are building and how can we make the experience as delightful as using a Google product? And so we started with faucets, but there's data sets, you can spin up nodes. And actually we have a recently launched AI blockchain search feature, which kind of brings together a block explorer functionality like real time blockchain data with a little bit of an LLM overlay on top of it. So, you know, it'll summarize what you're looking at. Again, that's really designed for the folks who are crypto curious. Maybe they're looking for their first transaction on chain and we want that to be delightful and simple. So, John, I mean, just talk about how you actually, you know, build a protocol and build something like Mantra. I mean, what is the importance of developers and how are you helping them to get involved? For sure. So, you know, our main focus now that our chain launched is the ecosystem development. And our kind of three focuses for this year have been bringing assets on chain. So really focusing on bringing high quality products. We're mainly focused on real estate and financial instruments primarily. So funds, private equity, private credit, money markets, et cetera. So bringing those high quality products on chain, that's step number one. Step two is you have to have stuff to do with it. And you need people building things, you know, in your ecosystem, whether that's DeFi primitives, DEXs, lending markets, perpetuals, like all different types of, you know, interesting things that people like to use in crypto and DeFi. But they can then take these real world assets and start making them programmable, start making them composable, and really bringing this kind of magic of tokenization to life. And tokenization is not a new trend. It's been around for a long time, but it hasn't ever really caught on with the on chain kind of crypto natives yet. And we really believe that the reason for that is, you know, you haven't had this like connectivity of, you know, these high quality products with these really interesting applications that they can do stuff with them. And that fundamentally needs, you know, a regulated, legitimate platform that can connect this to. And that's really what we're trying to build. So having credible partners like Google, you know, bring that vision to life is critical for us. And then, of course, supporting builders and their ambitions to build these new interesting real world asset applications, giving them funding, giving them access to the ecosystem, giving them access to our institutional partners is really critical to help, you know, make this a thing. So if you're a developer here at Consensus Hong Kong and you want to get into RWA's and tokenization, you want to build on Mantra, I mean, how do they get involved with? Well, I think we're going to be having a CoinDesk takeover pretty soon. So they can check it out on CoinDesk.com. But obviously check us out on our website, MantraChain.io, soon to be Mantra.com. Shout out to my marketing team in the front there who are going to be purchasing that soon. But get in touch. I mean, you can even reach out to me. I'm very active on Twitter, Telegram, Discord, to learn more about the program. So we'll be funding projects that are building within the RWA vertical on Mantra. Our only request is that whenever you would issue a token in the future that they will have some reflexive element that's going to be given back to our community, to our Mantra community and Ohm holders. So everyone likes an airdrop. So we're calling these eco-drops that will be coming. That's the only thing that we're asking. Okay. I mean, but practically what will they get from being in the accelerator program? Well, money is obviously an important thing. Technical resources from the Mantra side as well as Google side. Google Cloud credits. So actually a lot of the infrastructure that you need to actually spin up an application. You know, it's basically cloud. And we're giving basically free access to that for these builders. So you get capital, you get access to our technical resources, Google technical resources, cloud infrastructure support. This is really meant for early stage builders. So people who are, you know, just getting started, maybe not later stage companies that want to, you know, launch a project, build an application. But we're also going to be launching a more later stage ecosystem fund, which we'll talk a little bit about in the future. But that's a pretty big one that will actually support and directly invest significant amounts of capital into these projects with a lot of our capital partners like Shurooke, Laser Digital, Revan Howard, UOB. UOB, big, big, big, big names that are, you know, going to be supporting. Dom Mark actually, another one, one of our real estate partners. So we have big guys coming to the table that want to invest in the ecosystem. But it starts with this accelerator because we need people building. We need people experimenting. And we want to support those guys who are, you know, pushing the edges of innovation for our WAs. Right. So, Rich, while we have you on stage, I mean, just talk about Web3 at Google. I mean, there's been some other sort of big tech companies that have kind of drifted in and out of crypto. But you've kind of been more consistent in supporting these projects. I mean, why are you doing it and how are you doing exactly? I mean, how does it fit into the mix of things you're doing? Yeah. So I think when we, you asked me this question, maybe it was two years ago? Yeah. Three years ago? Close. Right. The other consensus in Austin. Right. And I mean, we have been consistent, right? I was actually just talking to someone today and just sort of thinking back over the last couple of years of all of the large Web2 companies who made a bet on crypto. A whole bunch of them came into the space in 2021, which is when we decided to come into the space. Right. And of all those companies, we're still the only one, the only team that actually made it through the up and the down and then back in the up again. And so there's a couple of things that I think are that are important about that. I mean, one is just maintaining state around Google's perspective on crypto over that period of time has been really important because our view is very different in this space than how people may think about Google in other contexts. In other words, really the stars of the show, right? What's happening that's really has technical merit and value here is the work that a lot of the protocol builders are doing in terms of taking, you know, financialized assets or non-financialized assets and tokenizing them in these open source protocols in a way that really is rebuilding the Internet. Right? And so they're the focus of this. We're providing that concrete foundation, right? We know how to do planetary scale infrastructure very well. We know what it looks like to build a billion user application. But we're learning and working with these partners on kind of reorganizing some of these structures for the benefit of all of the users and the developers. And so, you know, our view is the same today as it was then. And I was there then and I'm still here now, which is we really want to champion this open source innovation. And I think before it was really hard to do that because incentives weren't aligned. Now we have this really magical opportunity where you do have open source innovation. You do have a way to align incentives. And so what we're seeing is just a continuation of what we've seen in the last several years, which is just more protocols, more builders. And now it's interacting with the traditional forms of finance that I think we were all looking to see that happen back in 21. Right. I mean, financially, what is the incentive for investing in Web3? Oh, I mean, for us, I think it's a couple things, right? Like we have a very specific view on how we think builders should work with new technologies and innovate. And the way that I think about this is sort of analogous to mobile, right? You know, if folks have ever built a mobile app, right, they've used Firebase, right? Google acquired Firebase as a way to make a very, very clean and slick and delightful experience for developers launching applications there. And then what we did was we took what was happening in mobile and we brought that to the people who were familiar with using Google Ads or Google Search or other properties of our business. And then now everything is on mobile. So we really look to be that core enabler. And because we are Google, we can afford to take sort of the long tail approach. So we don't need to create a product right off the bat for people to pay up front. The idea is if we can drive mobile adoption and we have our Android business, we see the benefits in the long tail. If we can drive more information, more websites, right, you know, more information into the Internet, we see the long tail via the ads and search platforms. And so again, we play long term games. And I think that's it's a privilege to be able to do that as a company like Google. But frankly, it's the same the same mission that we have here is really how do we get more information, more people, more users, builders interacting in these open source decentralized protocols. And all these protocols will leverage things like cloud and they'll build mobile applications and they'll want to be in search. And so I think that's the that's the mission. That's the goal. Right. Back to you, John. So, I mean, you mentioned the tokenization is one of those really big ideas of crypto that haven't quite sort of made it to fruition. Presumably, you think in this cycle it's really going to happen. I mean, Larry Fink the other day was saying that he thought that tokenization was going to be, you know, the next big thing. Obviously, you'll think the same thing. It certainly helps when Uncle Larry is shilling tokenization on CNBC every other week. Definitely a big supporter of that as a tokenization focused protocol. You know, we've we've been building in the tokenization space for a long time. I mean, we had done a tokenization effort in the United States back in 2019 tokenizing a basketball players contract. And now with mantra, we're kind of pushing the edges of innovation of how to actually make this applicable more mass market adopted and something that kind of people are starting to do. That kind of people are starting to wrap their heads around. So I still don't like the acronym of RWA because I think everything's real world. Yeah, everything's real world. And, you know, in the traditional finance context, you know, it means risk weighted asset, not real world asset. So that needs to fix. But this concept of tokenization is now really in the forefront. It's one of the hottest narratives in the crypto space right now. RWA tokens and coins are performing quite well. So it's good to see that, you know, people are trying to push the boundaries of innovation here and do new interesting stuff. But there's still challenges because, you know, you're still looking at this as a very global landscape. You know, not everywhere is there clear regulatory frameworks to operate within these things. Obviously, the U.S. is starting to open up a little bit. We just got approval yesterday for our VARA license for brokerage, exchange and asset management, which was world's first to be able to do that natively on chain. So it's a DeFi native crypto license. That's really exciting stuff. You know, a lot of progress in Dubai. That's in Dubai. That's in the U.A.E., Dubai. So we're seeing this thing progress and we're seeing centers of excellence happening. And, you know, we're excited about what's happening in Hong Kong, in the U.A.E., in the U.S. But still a very long way to go. We're still in the early days of tokenization. Well, thank you so much, Rich, John. Thank you for listening. Appreciate it.