 I'm Tom Farley. I'm the CEO of Bullish. This morning, I'm proud to tell you that as part of Bullish, we own the CoinDesk slash Consensus business. I have the best colleagues in crypto who have put on this conference. What a tremendous success. It's so awesome to be here. In my day job as the Bullish CEO, we run a global crypto exchange. And we have a, I believe our largest office is here in Hong Kong with just amazing colleagues. And in fact, late last night, we received the full license to operate as a crypto exchange types one and seven from the SFC here in Hong Kong, which were. So thanks to Julia, Elizabeth or others from the SFC for putting up with us for the better part of two years. We're excited to bring global liquidity, really unique way we did it, where we're going to onboard customers here. We're going to keep the custody here and provide access to a global pot of liquidity. So anyway, that's enough about me. The reason why I'm excited here is I'm with crypto OG. I'm going to call him Mike Belshi. And I say that because he was just telling me the origin story of BitGo from 2011. And he referred to, you know, I was talking to these OGs of crypto. And I'm thinking to myself, you're an OG of crypto. So 2011, he started BitGo. Fast forward. Here we are 2025. BitGo is, I'll call it the premier custodian for crypto globally. And they're doing a number of other things. I'll refer to them as a custodian, but it's a broader business, as you'll hear. And for full disclosure, Bullish has used BitGo as our principal custody solution from our outset. We have some other things we'll do in terms of custody. But they've been a great partner. So I am a little bit biased up here as a moderator. I'm not up here as a journalist because I love Mike. I love the business. And so you know where I'm coming from. So with that, let's get started. Mike, wow. I don't even know where I want to start. There's so much fun going on in crypto. Let's start with the nuts and bolts. Can you give a sense to the audience? What do you see for just, in general, the custody business writ large, both for BitGo, but writ large as an industry over the next year or two? Let's start generic. Sure, sure. Well, thank you, Tom, by the way. Thank you guys for being clients, partners. You've been fabulous for a long time. By the way, the bullish team probably stressed us the most in terms of verifying the underlying technology is fully recoverable without BitGo at all. So the whole point of what we do is we start with this security layer of two out of three, multi-sig, MPC. But no matter what, it's always two out of three, which protects against theft and loss. You guys test all of that stuff, and you make sure that we're doing it right. So anyway, thank you for being great clients. Let's see. In terms of where custody is going, custody, I think, is kind of this thing that's mostly behind the scenes. People don't really see it that much. They think of it as a commoditized business. They think it's going to run exactly like State Street, like BNY, kind of these types of guys. And look, in the traditional markets, which are very established over decades, you can see why people think that way. But crypto is just getting started, right? So I did my first kind of market structure chat with JPMorgan executives probably around 2016. And I come from the technology world. I come from the crypto world. You outline what's going on in the CFTC world. You know, you've got your DCMs in the middle. You've got your FCMs on the side. And in the equities world, you've got your brokers. You've got your exchanges. You've got your clearings parties, et cetera. And then in crypto, you've got like one guy. And he acts, oh, I'm bullish, right? It acts like the client's broker, like the seller's broker, the buyer's broker puts it all together. Custody and market structure for crypto is just getting started. So as a result, you know, custody's got a lot of work to do. It's not a commoditized thing. We do a ton of R&D, as evidenced by, you know, the thousands of coins that are constantly coming through. And every single one of them needs a lot of new work, right? So anyway, with custody, we do staking at the bottom. I'm sorry, we do wallets at the bottom. We do custody above that. And then on top, we do services. So staking, trading, borrow, lend, settlement services, tri-party collateral management. We have GoUSD, actually, a stable coin coming very soon. When I look at custody for other asset classes, the custodians, the main custodians, no matter what asset class we go through all around the world, are these gigantic companies. So they're typically trust companies or banks with $100 billion balance sheets. Is that what's going to happen in crypto? So, you know, are we going to see more of those types of players come in to challenge BitGo? Look, I've been getting that question since around 2016. I remember meeting with Abby Johnson and Fidelity back in those early days when they were just getting started. Look, the traditional world is going to start with Bitcoin, and extending into other assets is pretty difficult for them. As evidenced by, you know, you look at the Fidelity offering today, which is a great offering. It's got the full faith of, you know, the Fidelity balance sheet behind it. So that's got an appeal, and it's got a market that it hits. It hasn't really affected our business. It turns out, you know, the ETF business, you know, just like for the asset managers, you know, the ETF business, they don't make the bulk of their money off of the ETFs, right? Now, it's an important part of what they do. It's good money. They like it. But, you know, it's all the other stuff that they do, and the same thing is true with us. So we support all of these assets, all of these tokens. We support them in a number of contexts that traditional finance can't do. We're global. You know, most of those companies are kind of U.S.-centric. First, they do hit internationally, but, you know, we continue to duck and weave with the changes in innovation in a way that they don't. Let's pivot. We're a couple of Americans up here on the stage, for better or for worse. Terrible. Why don't we give – oh, hi, Elizabeth. Why don't we provide a little bit of insight in terms of what's going on in our home country? Mike and I had breakfast in May of 2024, and we were lamenting the terrible state of regulation and enforcement in the U.S. You know, a regulated environment's fine, an unregulated environment's fine, but an opaque environment with lawsuits flying around where you don't know what to do is really just agonizing. And we didn't see really any end in sight. So now let's fast forward. It's mid-February. What's the state of play in the United States in terms of regulatory, perhaps possible legislation we'll see this year? And in general, how are you feeling? Well, like, it really couldn't be any better. It's like we went to sleep, woke up, and we just had, like, the most amazing dream ever. So not only did we get kind of what we were hoping for, which is a president that put in some regulators that didn't want to kill us. That's really all we wanted. It's a pretty low bar. Instead, we got a president that's deep in on crypto, regulators that are all in our crypto, whether you're talking Paul Atkins going into the SEC, Brian Kintens going into the CFTC, used to be a board member at BitGo Trust Company. We got David Sachs, an investor at BitGo. He's the crypto AIs are. Like, it really couldn't be better. But I think if you want to relate it outside the U.S. a little bit, it's also really good globally. So we have seven custodians. We operate around the world. We got Switzerland. We got Germany, Dubai, Singapore, Korea. So we talk to regulators everywhere. And, you know, frankly, the regulators do look in all of these countries. They do look to the U.S. for guidance, for better or worse. And the U.S. being pro-crypto makes it so much easier for them to be pro-crypto as well. So this is going to be fantastic in terms of opening up markets globally, not just in the U.S. And what about legislation this year? Are you expecting to see legislation come out of Congress that will clarify, you know, I don't know, basic things like what's a security? What isn't a security? Who can issue a security? What sort of transparency do they provide? Any thoughts? Look, the team that's there feels they've been dealt a totally winning hand in terms of the ability to get things through. So not only do you have Trump, of course, you've got the House and the Senate controlled by the Republicans. So there's an opportunity to make real change. So they are ready to go. They're ready to do stablecoin legislation. They're ready to do whole new regulated regimes in addition to the CFTC and the SEC. That might be good. That might be bad. It could take a little bit of time. But they are ready to go make big changes for sure. Let me ask you a question a little bit off topic. A topic du jour. I woke up this morning and a colleague of mine, Danny Nelson, had broke an amazing story, a bit scary, that Javier Malay, the gentleman who launched this Libra stablecoin, had sent a text saying that he was bribing Malay's sister, effectively, paying Malay's sister. And he had Malay in his pocket. And this is part of why Malay was advocating for this stablecoin that ultimately resulted in great losses. Why am I asking you about that? BitGo has typically been a quality over quantity in terms of tokens. I know that as a customer. What are your thoughts on the rise of memecoin trading, the proliferation of memecoin trading, given the pros and cons? Do you see it ultimately as a good thing for digital assets and capital formation? Is BitGo looking to get into more memecoin custody or businesses? Any thoughts on this? Look, we just want to be a great custodian and service provider. So people get to pick what assets they deem are quality or not quality. Obviously, we do diligence on everything. Our regulators require us to do a pretty lengthy form. By the way, AI helps with filling out those forms. But they require us to do a lengthy evaluation of everything that we list. We're still able to list memecoins, and we do that for folks that want it. My personal opinion, however, look, we have global markets, and you cannot put the genie back into the bottle. So people all over the planet are creating new stuff every day. And the innovation is so fast, you know, bullish is having trouble keeping up with it. BitGo's having trouble keeping up with it. The regulators, they're having trouble just watching it, right? So there's so much change. What I fear is that we could have an overreaction from the legislators and the regulators. The reality is, you know, with the Malay coin, there's a bunch of retail folks that were damaged. And, you know, people love to brag when they win a bet. But when they lose a bet, they're like, who do I blame? And I fear that we could see regulators try to close things down. And then that actually could hurt for global markets. I mean, one of the best things about digital assets and blockchains and all this that we're doing is we're able to connect markets globally that we've never done before. So unfortunately, the meme coins, you know, they could lead to regulatory retaliation, which I think would set us back. I hope that that doesn't happen. I think most of us here probably hope that doesn't happen. But look, we'll see. This is the yin and the yang of regulatory versus innovation. I did an interview with Annabelle of Bloomberg Asia this morning, and she said, Tom, there was an article saying that bullish was contemplating an IPO in the United States. Can you tell us more? And I was squirming in my chair because you can only say so much about IPOs or you're violating regulations. So it's kind of fun. I get to turn the tables. Mike, I read an article that BitGo is contemplating an IPO. Tell us more. Very clever. Look. Much more fun to be on this side. Let me just say it this way. The mission statement of BitGo is delivering trust in digital assets. You know, in the early days, it was about technology. Like, you know, how do you secure these assets in a way that, you know, you're not going to get rug pulled, protects against loss of passwords or hard disks and all this. And so we pioneered that. Eventually, we added this regulatory layer. How do you do it in a compliant way? We do that globally. But that delivering trust, you keep doing it. Look, one of the things I think in order to address Wall Street, you've got to be a public company. And we're seeing this where some companies on Wall Street in particular, look, they tried to interface with private companies, Silicon Valley due diligence companies like FDX. That didn't work out so well, right? So they've learned that, like, diligence really matters. And the SEC process, the SEC diligence, the oversight, I think, is a key part of delivering trust. So it's in the destiny. And then I'll not comment on timeline. Yeah. Just for what it's worth, I completely agree with you. I mean, we're in the digital assets industry, which is doing really great things. And that'll be my next question for you about some of those great things. But let's face it, there's still a little bit of that negative sense from this flush out of frauds and charlatans that we saw. And I think anything that you can stack up, a balance sheet, which you have, a big four auditor, which we both have, really credible regulators. I'm not just saying that because of present company. But, you know, we got a German license. And we see institutional customers on the other side go, oh, OK, that's good. And I completely agree. I think a listing on a public, very well-respected market is a great thing because it demonstrates your willingness to be transparent about your financials. And it provides a lot of confidence. Look, our job is to provide confidence to our clients and continue to provide innovation. Right. And sometimes it seems like those don't go well together. And I think the traditional system, you know, back to that conversation I had with J.P. Morgan. Yeah, after I explained to them about the differences in market structure, they were very happy. They were light bulbs going off in their heads. You can see that. I asked them, I'm like, why am I telling you guys this? You guys are J.P. Morgan. Like, you know this thing in the back of your hand. Look, they've gotten to a point in traditional finance where, you know, the market structure is the way it is. And they don't think about how regulation could be or what market structure could be that would be better. Instead, they think that's the way it is and how do they get their job done. I think in our industry, we've got systems thinkers. We've got programmers. We've got, you know, folks that are rethinking, like, how would you rebuild these markets now that you have computers? Because remember, SEC started before we had computers, right? But we can change everything, of course, for the more efficient, of course, for the more transparent. So our job is to make sure that continues to happen while also meeting, you know, some of the legacy rules and regulations and hopefully some of that changes in Washington in the coming months. So I want to close on probably my favorite topic in digital assets right now, which is the rise of stablecoins globally. For those of you who haven't been paying attention, stablecoins have gone from around about $5 billion of market cap four and a half years ago to $200 billion today. And this is my view. What's that? Not too shabby. That's not too shabby. And my view is it will go to $2 trillion in the next two or three years. That's my view. And quite frankly, maybe even higher. And when Mike and I work on, when our companies work together or even when Mike and I are backstage, we're often talking about stablecoins. We're both kind of nerding out about the potential there. But why don't you share some of your thoughts on why they're working, where you think it goes from here, and what is BitGo in particular doing, which I think is exciting? Look, I think it was kind of an overlooked innovation when it first came out. Tether deserves a lot of credit for having Bitfinex, for having driven that in the early days. But it's just so clear at this point that it's a better payment system. Look, the payment system, even outside of crypto, has been lacking from the banking sector for a long time. And you know this because the younger generation is switching over to Venmo. They're switching over to Cash App. They're switching over to WeChat Pay and other things. Banks could have had that role, but they didn't. When it comes to stablecoins, runs 24-7. I actually am, I think, more bullish than you are on stablecoins. And we have, on Bias, we have our own, GoUSD. I think the stablecoins are the bank you wish you had, but you never did have. So people are now starting to learn how money works a little bit more. A bank is a depository. They take your money and they lend it out. Sometimes that works out pretty well. And we have some big institutions that have navigated it for a long time. There's a whole bunch of institutions that died along the way. SVB was one of the scary ones not too long ago, Signature, Suffrogate. Banks take risks with your money. Stablecoins are 100% reserve in federal T-bills. When you put money in the bank today, how much interest do you get? 0.1%? T-bills get 4.5%. Why? Because the banks don't need the money. They've got more money than they know how to lend out right now. All right. So I think stablecoins are going to be able to fill all of this. It's actually what you wanted from your banking system. It runs 24-7. It's all yours. It's like cash. It's a whole bunch of attributes. It's just a win. Excellent. Well, two things in closing. One, thank you again for being here. We don't take it for granted that you're taking out of your time and your budget to be here at ConsenSys. Really, really fun start to this conference. I'll be here for the next couple days and would love to meet any of you. Number two, please provide a warm round of applause for somebody who's not just here on the stage giving us his insights, which were fabulous, but has really been toiling away to move the digital assets industry forward for the better part of 14 years now. Mike Belshi, thank you very much. Thank you, Tom.