 Thank you for staying with us until the end. And how exciting it is to have Vincent Schock with me, co-founder and CEO of First Digital. So we're going to talk about FDUSD. So if you can put on the slide and why you're doing that. I'm Emma Pessinicic, Head of Digital Proposition and Partnership at Fidelity International. Super honor to have you with me on stage, Vincent. And FDUSD has been through massive growth over the last 18 months. You are now the third largest chatback stablecoin. Four billion market cap at its peak. Still around that level now. So what about, you know, what made that success over the last 18 months? What was the journey? Well, I think that the market is really ready for a new and stablecoin. I believe that the industry is really growing. We see a lot of new players, institutional adoption into crypto industry. And for a stablecoin. I think it's really important a stablecoin plays in that whole ecosystem as it adds liquidity. So for exchanges, for OTCs, for market makers, a stablecoin is the oxygen. So we feel that what we bring is complementing. And I know that there's a lot of stablecoins being issued now. But this market is projected to grow to five trillion. No, actually. In the next five years, it's projected to grow to one trillion. Right now we're at what? Just hovering around 200 billion? 200 billion. So that's five times. Yeah. So just by the natural progression of the growth, we see a 5x growth, like double every year. Amazing. So what were the strategic decisions you made to make this a success? You're based in Asia. It's quite unique, right? Well, Asia is quite unique. But Hong Kong, because basically the Hong Kong financial infrastructure is built for stablecoin issuer. You think about no capital control, no exchange controls here. Recently, we saw on the news, crypto gains is going to be taxed, not taxable here. We see common law infrastructure. We see the basically this is an international financial hub and very bullish. We've seen the government announce publicly, globally, that this is going to be a global Web3 hub. So we feel that we are, what, four hours any direction from, what, a third of the world's population? So this is the place to be. Yeah. Yeah. So you, this week you announced an integration with Fomopay. Can you tell us more a bit about this and this strategy? Yeah. Fomopay is one of the first partners that we have, a merchant, that now will adopt FDUSD in Singapore, where now, you know, over, I think, 10,000 merchants are able to now collect FDUSD as a payment. And we're expanding that to different countries. We're working with partners. For example, you know, in Asia, it's very segmented. We see each country in Asia, like Hong Kong has Chad, Singapore. A lot of the countries has their own internal payment system. Unlike the US, unlike Europe, where they have like wise, they have Stripe, they have PayPal. It's a very centralized. So we don't see that in Asia. So this is why FD, what we want to do is create that bridge to be the centralized stable coin that allows these different countries, different currencies to now be able to use our infrastructure to be that centralized stable coin. Stable coin that makes payments, cross border settlements, make remittance, FX, all the things that the stable coin is actually made for outside of trading, outside of pairing and exchanges, DeFi. So you intend to be the stable coin of Asia? What's the vision there? That would be nice. I think the stable coin of Asia is a really good honor and a compliment. But I think what it is that we really want to do is allow more users and to have FD, USD and more wallets. We are B2B now, institutional, but we see the growth, the trajectory of where FD, USD is going. It makes it a global stable coin. So yes, Asia, Europe, UAE. So we have a lot of licensing initiatives going on. Mika, UAE, we have ADGM. In Asia, we have Singapore for payments. So we're building the whole ecosystem to allow people to now adopt FD, USD for a lot of use cases. And do you intend to be chain agnostic? How do you work with all those layers, right? Because if you want to bring the liquidity, right? Often that's a challenge, right? To cross the liquidity across chains. How do you work with all those infrastructure partners? Right now we're on four chains. We're on BNB, Ethereum, SUI, and recently we launched on Solana. And this year our roadmap is to launch on a different chain every six to eight weeks. Of course, we want to work with everybody. We really think that this is a community. Blockchain is a community. And I think it's really important that we work and let different chains kind of... In the future, I believe every protocol will have its own native stable coin. And that gives us another product that we've been, you know, building is stable coins as a service. So first, digital is a trust. We're very agnostic. So we work and we can actually help people that wants to issue stable coin, providing them the back-end infrastructure. The banking rails, the attestation, audits, reporting obligations, what their reporting obligations are. For example, FATCA, if you're an American, CRS for common reporting standards. We also understand the different laws, common law, civil law, and Sharia law. So all of these things, we can actually bring value to the table if, for example, the chain decides that they want to have a native stable coin, but behind will be first digital powering that. Stable coin in a book. As a service, yeah. As a service. Yeah, as a service. Okay. And you provide as well reserve management or you want to work with them? Well, I'll leave that to the professionals like Fidelity maybe. Okay, so, you know, in five years, we are, you know, here in 2025, 4 billion. Where do you see yourself in five years? Well, where we see ourselves in five years, I think number-wise, I don't think is really that important. I think that is just a natural occurrence. It's a way of keeping score, they say, numbers. But where I see is FDUSD used across different industries, traditional finance, cross-border, of course. We want to be, you know, in healthcare. We want to look at how we can help different ways for, you know, domestic payments, for, you know, digital payroll using adopting this. And, of course, grow in different exchanges. So, where I see in five years is, you know, we'll be right up there closing the gap between us and USDC. Wow. Yeah. Such an ambition. So, yeah, you're working as well, you know, with more partnerships. Can you, you said healthcare and so on, can you say a bit more with other kind of partners maybe in some countries? Do you see some difference there or...? Yeah, that's really important. As I said, if we want to encourage adoption of our stablecoin, we can't be everywhere. So, you know, our motto is really to work with third parties and local players, you know, payment providers, money changers, a lot of the PSPs, so that they can now work with us as both mint and redeem partners, off-ramps, on-ramps. So, this is the way that we now build that centralized infrastructure to allow FDUSD to become, you know, maybe FDIDR in Indonesia, Thai Buds, Korean Won. So, it needs a centralized base currency. So, this is what FDUSD means. I see. When you select a partner, do you look at number of users, I guess, how they can help you with marketing? How do you select the right partner for a country? What is the best partner? Well, the best partner is that we all have to be aligned on our goals. I think we need to be aligned on the vision of how we see the partnership goes. Like the saying, you know, partners, one hand cannot clap, you need two hands, right? Just like a partner. So, one partner cannot carry the load. It has to be both sides, it has to work together. So, when we look at partnerships, yes, it's important to have the same alignment of also professionalism. We want to make sure that when we go to market with anything that is financial currencies, digital currencies, working with those partners is also a reputational, you know, both have to show that we are valuing each other. Yeah, sure. Makes sense. Mm-hmm. So, any other thing you would like the audience to know about FDUSD? Yeah, I mean, we, you know, we know that there's a lot of regulations where we see the US with the new stablecoin bill. We're very excited. This is a, you can see the buzz in consensus Hong Kong. We're really happy to see that come back. But there's a lot of energy now you can see in the market and we're ready to work with different partners in different blockchains. We're talking to a lot of different industries. So, just the imagination and the stories that they are thinking about how to adopt FDUSD stablecoin into their, into their companies, into their industry is amazing. And I've never really even thought of those things until I've spoken to them. And now with the different technology, like you see what people are offering, the use cases. It's, it's closer than we think. I mean, the buzzword AI, how do we integrate AI into stablecoins? So, it's, it's actually closer than we think. What are the US cases, for example, AI and stablecoin? How does that work? Well, reserve management, right? Of course. Cause when you play. Say that to a portfolio manager. 24-7 settlements. So, when you, when you play this. Yeah. So, it's, it's phase one, but in the future, you know. I was thinking something more extrapolate actually. Wow. Nothing crazy yet. That's a, it's, it's, it's amazing what AI can do, but we don't want to replace human as well. Yeah. We still, we still. We still. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah. Thank you, Vincent. Few words on, you know, the vision, the mission maybe to conclude. Like I said, the mission, our vision is really to have users adopt FDUSD and we will look at, again, in Hong Kong, our, our, our banking infrastructure allows us to hold over 20 native currencies here. And that's really important as if we want to go into different stable coin, different types of currencies, we can hold that in Hong Kong. So, people feel that this is a very solid, credible financial center. And we're an issuer of a stable coin that is recognized. There's government backing. Another thing that's very different from us is the way that we manage our balance sheet. So, as a trust company, we operate a dual balance sheet system. The client balance sheet is where we manage our client reserves. So, if anything happens, the first digital as a company, the government will appoint a new trustee to manage the assets. So, that doesn't happen. Circle doesn't have that. Tether doesn't have that. Asset Management 101. Yeah. Asset Management 101. Yes. We have to be, you know, risk. Yeah, independent. Yes. So, that's, yeah. So, a lot of, you know, we just think about also Hong Kong as a low tax jurisdiction. So, for our reserves, the way that we manage our reserves is very efficient in the tax sense. So, we maximize the yield, especially for future, you know, products where FDUSD is in earned products. We, you know, maybe tokenized management, money funds, tokenized T-bills, but they need to pair it with, for liquidity. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's… Thank you, Vincent. So, FDUSD, I guess, in five years will be there and you'll be the top, the stable coin of Asia. I wish that for you, Vincent. Thank you very much. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate, thanks very much. Weiness is a pleasure. Thanks, thanks. You and everyone over here in your office and live, you have to be a- ... See you in theurb in the world, it's good. Thank you, pie umpatiary for between who?