 Music Alright guys, thanks for being here. Thank you guys for being here. We're really excited to be talking to Matt White and Eric Yip for our first ever consensus in Hong Kong. So I want to start with you because I know that your boss, Julia, just announced the new roadmap for crypto regulation in Hong Kong. And I'm hoping you could expand and tell everybody a little bit more about it. Sure, thank you. I'm very glad to be here. And welcome to Hong Kong, Shiyan and Matthew. We talked about the roadmap, I think, in the main stage. I didn't get the chance to hear the rest of it, so I just presume that I'm going to carry over. So what will happen is that, I mean, we have been thinking about developing a roadmap for virtual asset development in Hong Kong for a while. And we just have to pick a date. And I don't think we can pick a better date than today. I went with a very good crowd here, biggest virtual asset conference in Hong Kong this year for sure. And it will be released this afternoon. So I think the concept of the roadmap is that I think if you look back at Hong Kong for the last kind of eight years or so in terms of our virtual asset journey, is that, I mean, we have been very much focused on licensing. I mean, licensing platforms, licensing fund managers, licensing other service providers, et cetera. And I think we actually come to a critical mass. Now, I think as of today, we have 10 virtual asset trading platforms. I think we still can focus on licensing, but I think it's more important to think about how to make our trading platform works. And I think the question is what is meant by working. And I think from myself bringing up from a traditional finance securities market perspective, I think the one word that we need to think about always is liquidity. How do you bring liquidity to this market? Hence, commercial value, hence ecosystem, et cetera. So liquidity is key. So I think when we designed a roadmap, we actually center around the concept of liquidity. And we are going to cover five pillars. And we kind of play around with the word ASPIRE. A-S-P-I-R-E. I mean, there are six letters. I will explain a bit why it's six letters, just because it's cool. So A is talking about assets. How to actually bring the right players, right liquidity providers to the market. Assess. The second is about safeguards. Safeguards is about what kind of compliance requirement as a regulator we can adapt to this market world. So safeguards. The third is about products. What kind of products we can offer to the investors. And the fourth one is about infrastructure. How do we build market-wide infrastructure for surveillance, for transparency, et cetera. And the last one is about, well, RE. Just because I think I need to make a word out of it. It's relationships. And this is where we are here for. It's about relationships. And relationships is not just about kind of me and my regulators, but also about, I mean, this kind of whole crowd here. About investors, about service providers, about our peer regulators. I mean, many, many people involved in the industry. Maybe I'll just stop here. Oh, but I want to hear more. Okay. What comes next? What does it go into effect? What's actually coming? I think what comes next is that, I mean, it is actually easier to grant a license. It's actually not that difficult to write a roadmap. Now, the thing is that how do we actually execute the roadmap? And I think the first question people will ask me is that whether there's a timetable for the roadmap. And the way that I would approach this is that this is a roadmap, not just for one road. I mean, we actually include out of that five pillars, 12 roads, 12 initiatives. And I intentionally didn't bring in a timetable for each road because I think that requires us and our stakeholders, our regulators, our ecosystem partners, to really think about what kind of transportation you want to use on the road. I mean, if it is something that requires like a high speed train, you have to dig the tunnel, you have to pave the well. That takes some longer time. But this will be a kind of consulted decision. But if it is just really across the street, why don't we just walk there? We don't actually need to bring things that is really kind of very sophisticated in order to just walk across the street. So I think out of the 12 initiatives, I mean, we actually held the inaugural consultative panel, which actually comprised all of our licensed virtual asset trading platform management, to really kind of give us an idea, are these the right roads that you want to build? And then we, the next thing we have to think about what kind of transportation we want to build. I think the goal is that in any case, I mean, it won't be a very, very long journey. I think the market is moving fast. And I think we actually as regulators also need to be fast. So we need to prioritize and find the low hand fruits so that we can let the market kind of see visible results, at least, I mean, across the five pillars in this year. Awesome. Is that enough? Yeah, I think so. Okay, thank you. All right, Matt, what's happening at the UAE? Well, look, yeah, thank you. Look, first of all, I wanted to just briefly congratulate Eric and the SFC on the roadmap. It's the first time hearing about it today. But as somebody who, you know, I strongly believe in the potential of the technology. It's really exciting to hear, you know, major jurisdictions taking this seriously. And I think Hong Kong in particular shares a very similar vision to our leaders in Dubai, which has driven Vara over the last few years. We're continuing to refine our framework. We have the benefit of some time where we've been able to observe market behavior and how participants are operating and what they need. And we have a fairly ambitious regulatory plan for 2025 as well. And a lot of that will happen in Q1. I'll touch on that here, perhaps. So the reason we're doing it essentially is strengthen the baseline that we have already, but also to sort of enable and enable market participants like institutions to be able to operate a lot more seamlessly in the market. And so we've got three major buckets of what we're looking at at the moment. Number one are, you know, specific enhancements for institutions, both to be regulated and to be able to operate in the market. So we are about to introduce models for things like off exchange settlement, collateral optimization. We have some derivatives and margin trading frameworks about to about to launch. And also this concept of real world asset tokenization is becoming really, really important. And that's not just one thing, but it is an area that we're looking at introducing components of frameworks to as well. So that's the institutional piece. And they need that infrastructure and they need those products. The next bucket is broadly speaking, again, around DeFi and a DeFi framework. So for me, this is like a, you know, a sort of new frontier of accessible finance, if you like. But it doesn't, you know, it doesn't come easily. There are some challenges we need to overcome. So we're looking at pilots for decentralized exchanges and automated market maker models. We're taking a look at staking and liquid staking. Staking is already enabled to a certain extent in the market, but liquid staking isn't. And so we're looking at how that plays out as well. And the last area of that is around lending and borrowing. So vaults in particular is something that we're interested in and looking at doing pilots in this year. So that's number two. The third bucket is a refresh of our sort of issuance framework, reflecting the fact that, you know, the issuance of tokens is becoming more and more important, particularly, as I've just mentioned, with real world assets tokenization as well. So we're very much focused on the activity side of it. So, you know, placement, distribution, secondary trading. And we're looking at that from a strict disclosure standpoint, but also how do we implement other sort of investor protection measures around that, particularly when it comes to reserves. So they're the three buckets is a pretty ambitious plan building on what we've already got. A lot of that will be introduced in Q1. One of the other really important things that we're looking to do in 2025 as well is, frankly, deepen collaboration with international regulators. And I'm very grateful for the invite to be able to speak in Hong Kong. And we see this as a jurisdiction that we, you know, we can really work together with. And so that will certainly be on the agenda this year as well, just to make sure we've got the right information and knowledge sharing across borders. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah, it's great. You know, all this talk about regulation and regulatory frameworks and all the good work you guys are doing kind of brings to mind the U.S., which does not really have a crypto regulatory framework. But we have a new president. And with that has come, you know, a change, a big change in tone, if not necessarily in substance yet about how crypto will be regulated in the U.S. And I think that as somebody who covers the U.S. crypto market and U.S. crypto regulation, I have to wonder, you know, if the U.S. really does get its stuff together and U.S. regulators become more friendly to crypto innovation in the U.S., what does that mean for jurisdictions like Hong Kong, like the UAE that have become kind of known for being ahead of the curve? Should I start first? Yeah, sure. Well, I was brought up in the U.S. and I have great admiration of what I think how deep and how wide the U.S. financial industry has been and also innovation. So I think the first thing actually I would do this year as there is already kind of I'm a candidate as I talk about before the chat here is that I would be going to the U.S. I think this year and hopefully I think will be appear in the same conference as Trump to really kind of understand. I mean, his frame of mind. I mean, obviously, U.S. is actually very important in the sense that because they drive a lot of innovation and also because of a lot of commonality with Hong Kong in the sense of financial intermediaries. I think at the end of the day, I think one when we actually draw the roadmap, I think one conviction I think we have to make is that there will be despite of all the geopolitics or whatever people talk about, there will be a certain set of kind of cohesiveness on the regulatory side and also convergence between the traditional finance and the federal asset world. And we already see that kind of getting into the directions and in the sense that with a major financial market like U.S. being coming on board that will only help actually bring that cohesiveness and convergence to happen. And at the same time, which I think in Hong Kong we like is to have a bit of competition so that I think we all push each other kind of stronger and kind of move things faster. And I definitely also look upon to Vara, I think under the leadership of Matthew that I mean, things the topics that he just talked about, to be honest, is like very, very well ahead of us in the sense that I think already when we are talking about staking, you're already thinking about restaking and liquid staking. So in fact, I think before actually going to US, in our breakfast meeting this morning, I think we can disclose that, is that because I feel kind of pushed by Matthew, I already see him two times in Hong Kong, but I haven't been to Dubai. And it seems like that actually it will be an occasion where I can visit Matthew and also Dubai to understand also that kind of cross-border collaboration. How I mean between Vara and Hong Kong, SFC, we can actually work closely together. So a lot of this actually is happening because I think the big players are kind of coming on board. So it's win-win. Nobody loses. Yes. Maybe at the end of the day someone loses, but it's still actually winning. Okay. Matt, what do you think? Yeah, look. Eric, you're very kind, by the way. Look, I tend to agree. I think net-net is a positive. Frankly speaking, the industry needs global regulatory clarity. You can't achieve that without the US. And I'm pretty optimistic about sort of the opportunities for us to be able to collaborate on a regulatory agenda. And also a kind of innovation agenda as well. I'll keep it short. I'll keep it short. But, you know, I'm not seeing people gravitating away from the market, sort of, you know, back to the US as such. I think it will be both. In actual fact, I was speaking to a couple of major institutions in the last couple of weeks, and they're looking to replicate what they've got in the US elsewhere, possibly in Dubai. So I really don't think it's either or. I think it will be both. I think it's important to have the organizations that they've got there are big enough. But overall, it's important that we have that global regulatory clarity. And I think that's what we'll get. So do you have any advice for your American counterparts as they begin thinking about the stuff that you guys started thinking about a long time ago? I would not presume to know what's best for the US. What I can tell you is what we've learned so far. Two or three really important things. Number one, by far and away, the most important is engagement with industry. Something that we've really benefited from in Dubai is that ongoing dialogue with industry participants and, you know, getting some very frank feedback on frameworks and business models and what's working and what's not. It also allows us to be a bit more agile as a regulator. So this space moves extremely quickly, as you all know. And for us to be able to, you know, we'll never be ahead of the curve. But, you know, for us to be as close to that curve as possible, we need that industry dialogue. And so that would be one area. And I think the other two, which I'll touch on very quickly, and then maybe Eric wants to add, interoperability at the outset is really, really important. I think you can't do this in isolation. And if you're trying to do this without looking cross-border or at least considering cross-border risks, I think you've got a problem. And then the last one is really that we've looked at this strictly as an activity-based piece. We've not tried to regulate product. And I think that has served us quite well so far. We haven't got drawn into the kind of minutiae debates about whether something's a meme coin or an NFT or whatever it might be. So they'd probably be the three lessons learned from our side. So I think Matthew touched on very tangible, kind of more the sub-dramatic perspective. I would try to touch on more the intangible. I started to learn about this space last year since I joined the commission in May. I have kind of two intangibles that I keep on having in my mind. The one is about humility. Because, I mean, the digital assets is a kind of destructive technology. It's a destructive kind of asset class. But I think what makes it work, I think, for the last decade or so is that it's actually filled by very, very brilliant minds and talents. And they are young. They are hungry. They are innovative. And I think they are actually very technically sound. So although, I mean, there are ups and downs here. But I think this, the one conviction I have for this market, why it will work, is because it's driven by people who are talented. So I think as a regulator, I mean, for us and for America, for VARA, for other jurisdictions, we have to actually listen to the market, understand the market. This is one thing. The other intangible is that, I mean, if you actually look back at the history, history will repeat itself, always. And it is an intrinsically dangerous market. I mean, when, and again, that's where traditional finance may help because we actually have been through cycles after cycles. And there are players, actually, if you look back for the last 10 years, 10 years is not a big, long time for asset class. And you already see up and down where actually there is financial harms, that investors are being kind of ripped off. There are also companies that fail. So it will happen. And if we actually do not have that diligence, if we do not have that focus in mind, I think at the end of the day, we may actually destroy the marketplace. We should actually survive in the long term. Interesting. Yeah. I like that it's sort of a respect and curiosity rather than a fear-based approach to regulation. So, all right. We'll move away from the US. This is a global regulation panel. And something I want to ask you guys about is just big picture, where do you see global crypto regulation going? Because right now, things are still pretty fragmented. I know you've both touched on international collaboration. But, you know, what do you think is going to happen? Want me to go? Sure. Look, there is some fragmentation, of course. I think that is pretty natural, given the kind of state of maturity of the technology and regulatory framework. So I don't think that's a concern at this point. It's actually not that dissimilar from traditional finance in some respects, although there are significant areas where coordination around things like AML, you know, exists at the moment. I think, in the end, that's where it needs to head. And, you know, I suppose there's a couple of areas like the travel rule where we could quite easily see some harmonization, some clarity for participants about how that works in different jurisdictions. My own view is that I think we'll be forced into this eventually. The technology, the use cases will just become so pervasive so quickly that, you know, as a global kind of regulatory framework, it will need to exist. You know, stable coins is a really good example of where, you know, I think that will drive the agenda, naturally drive the agenda. So, yeah, it's fragmented. I think that, you know, naturally over time we will gravitate towards more harmonization in certain areas. Do you think regional harmonization will come before global? Like, will there be a Mika of the Middle East or Asia? You can try first. You can try first. Yeah. Sorry? I mean, Dubai and Hong Kong can try first. We can try. I think that's a good idea, actually. Look, I don't know. There's clearly some divergence in the Middle East. You've got the UAE, which has been very clear and progressive around this. You have Saudi and Qatar, which have taken more of a financial infrastructure look at this. And then you have Egypt, who is a complete prohibition on virtual assets. So I think naturally, again, you know, in, say, the next five to ten years, everyone will have some sort of exposure to it. You know, the extent to which they need that exposure. I don't know. But, again, I think we'll be forced into that eventually. So maybe I'll say a few words. Over the last kind of nine months I've been with the regulator, I have an observation. Is that, I mean, wherever I attend any regulatory conference, whenever I meet with any regulatory counterpart, be it in the U.S., in Europe, in the U.K., in the region, et cetera. That's almost even in mainland China. There was no one occasion when this topic, the virtual asset, crypto, has not been talked about. Every time. No exception. Now, I think it comes back to the roadmap. What inspired me to do the roadmap is that I think there has been a lot of interest. There were a lot of kind of dialogue on the IOSCO level, on the regional level, on the bilateral level. All kind of discussion. I think one of my aspirations of kind of doing the roadmap is to put in a framework to think about it. That's why I mean the five pillars. I mean, it's a little bit of motherhood and apple pie, but at least I put in a framework. I think what is actually challenging, I think, so far is that we are introducing a lot of topics by many different people. I mean, but we do not have a common kind of framework articulation to talk about it. So it's kind of our attempt to contribute to probably a more bilateral, more regional, more global dialogue by establishing a framework. And this framework may not be kind of the perfect one, but at least we have something in place. I mean, when we talk about staking, for example, this is a term that is undefined in traditional securities regulator mindset. And by putting that through the mouth of a securities regulator, we've got an opportunity when we talk about it, we can kind of define it better. Because at the end of the day, you can't really go from concept to regulation like overnight. You have to actually go through a thinking process, how to actually break it down into component, how to kind of put the traditional legal compliance framework and kind of govern that. That is going to be a pretty technical process. And hopefully we are getting there in terms of having a common language taxonomy to move things forward. So that's kind of a bit of an aspiration and inspiration for the roadmap. Yeah, it's exciting. All right, Matt, you said it first, stablecoins. So I'm going to pick on you. What's going on with stablecoin regulation in the UAE? And, you know, what would a global stablecoin regulatory framework look like in a perfect world? So I wrote about this quite recently, actually. Stablecoins have been around for a while. Frankly, they will revolutionize the global financial system, in my opinion, eventually. They're going to disrupt payment networks. You know, you've got types of stablecoins that enable you to generate yield and that is challenging risk-free rates as a result. And, you know, you're expanding access to U.S. dollars to areas that, you know, haven't really got access to that kind of stability in currency. So, you know, look, it is quite important to regulate that appropriately. The UAE does have frameworks around this already. And taking it quite seriously, albeit cautiously. There are some straightforward projects around fiat-backed stablecoins that will probably come to market first. And there are some more complex projects for stablecoins that are not fiat-backed but also stable in nature. So tokenized money market funds would be a good example. And it's really important to regulate those properly. I think, you know, there are some significant risks around that. Reserves is a really interesting one. You'd be forgiven for thinking that backing a stablecoin entirely in cash is a good idea. But it's probably not, given the credit risk that you're exposing that to in a banking environment. So we're looking at topics like that in terms of how we would license something like that to, you know, to protect the market as best we can. As for what a global framework would look like, I don't know. That's fair. No one knows. I think everyone's going to have a go at it first. And we'll probably end up with some sort of FX stablecoin exchange somewhere. But, yeah, I don't know what a global framework would look like that. So maybe I'll just pick up from what Matthew just said. I think the one word that I agree the most is that regulated. It has to be regulated. I think my career is actually going through that route. U.S. I think is way and see how that goes. In Hong Kong, definitely we are going through a regulated route. I think in the sense that I think why actually we need stablecoin, for example. I mean, we have Bitcoin, we have other kind of digital currencies. But why do we need stablecoin? Because actually this is one kind of constant in the market which facilitate a lot of the benefit from the blockchain. For example, autonomous settlement and also kind of the fungibility across the system. So that is very fundamental to the whole virtual asset ecosystem. Now, if we talk about edges and the fiat reference stablecoin, for instance, it is in a way fungible. Because at the end of the day, a U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar reference stablecoin should be the same. Whether it's wrapped like this or that. And that's actually, I think, at the end of the day, what investors, what the ecosystem actually look for is probably security and certain type of safety feature built into it. That's why where the regulation should come in. So now I think it's still evolving. But again, with EU, Hong Kong, et cetera, I mean, the stablecoin in Hong Kong is regulated by Hong Kong Monetary Authority. And already the legislation is very, very advanced that we are actually going to put in a regulatory framework for regulating stablecoin. And by following that logic, it means that going, I think, in time, only regulated stablecoin will be allowed. I think at least in this jurisdiction. Now, once we have that in place, I think what would be interesting to see is not just the stablecoin per se, and how actually stablecoin can interact with the rest of the regulated ecosystem. And I think that's where SFC come into place. Because it actually will operate kind of the investment product landscape, the trading platform landscape. And I think we need to work with a fellow regulator, Hong Kong MA, to create use cases to make the stablecoin kind of use and have fair proposition in the virtual asset trading perspective. So I think that's kind of where we are going in Hong Kong. I was going to ask you guys about memecoins, the opposite of stablecoins, but I think you're saved by the bell. So, oh, yeah. But something I do want to ask you about. Yeah, unless you want to take 10 seconds, how do we regulate memecoins? Well, I don't know. Yeah, well, no one does. So, all right, I guess we'll close with this. If we're on the same stage in a year, things move really fast in crypto. What will we be talking about then? I think we were talking about, I mean, if I'm on the stage, I think people will hold me accountable. I mean, despite, I mean, I'm saying there's no timetable. Hold me accountable for how much progress I've made on the roadmap. So I think that's something I have in mind as my kind of KPIs here. Yeah, I think we'll see some greater policy clarity, hopefully some strong relationships between jurisdictions. Probably some more non-financial use cases. We talk a lot about financial use cases here, but stuff like AI and crypto intersections or decentralized research and development. I think we'll probably see a bit more of that. We're starting to see that creeping up at the moment. So I suspect we'll be talking about those things. That sounds interesting. So you guys all have to come back in a year so we can talk about that. All right. Well, thank you guys so much for being here and thank you guys for listening. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Thanks. Great. Yeah.