 Welcome, everyone. This is the finals of the Hackathon Pitchfest. We have some amazing teams for you to dive into and for you to listen to. So we're really excited to have all of you here. A bit about myself, I'm Dom, one of the founders of EZA. And we actually work together with CoinDesk and ConsenSys to host the yearly hackathons. And so we have hundreds and hundreds of builders actually just on the floor below building. And they're all building on different chains. They're all building super cool projects that you'll be seeing right here on the stage. We've selected some of the best for you. And we're really excited to showcase what they're all building. They're building on different chains, building in different sectors, and really all building super cool stuff. We also have amazing judges here with us today from a variety of different VCs and different incubators, et cetera. So we have Leia from Empharis, who will be coming up on the stage shortly. We also have Emma from Longhash Ventures, who is one of the foremost incubators in the space, backs some super cool projects. And we also have Ali from the Blockchain Founders Spot. So they'll be watching and judging all of the pitches today. And we're really excited to see what these amazing teams have for us in store. So we're going to call them up one by one. They all have three minutes to pitch to our friendly judges, Shark Tank style. And then they also have two minutes for Q&A. So our judges will ask them different questions about the business model, what they're building, et cetera, to see if these are projects that potentially they or other VCs would want to back. So really excited to see what they've built. Important to note that these projects, for the most part, are super fresh. They are pretty much all hackathon projects, apart from the exception of one or two. But essentially, these are brand new projects that you're getting a first glimpse at on the ground level. So this is like looking at Uniswap when it was literally just a hackathon project or MetaMask, which actually was a hackathon project just a couple of years ago. So super exciting stuff we have for you in store today. And the first team that we're actually going to announce is Voxify. So if we can welcome Voxify to the stage, these guys are doing something super innovative with actually helping people analyze deepfakes and making sure that what you're listening to and watching is the real deal. So let's talk about Voxify. Judges. Hong Kong. What's up? What's up? How's your consensus? So Voxify, we're protecting billions of dollars with AI-powered voice authentication. Deepfake attacks occur every five minutes globally. By 2027, Deloitte estimates deepfake crime is going to have taken $40 billion within that single year. People are getting scammed from fake celebrity endorsements and existing detection systems are slow and ineffective against high quality deepfakes. So we're building an agentic prediction market for voice verification. So harnessing the wisdom of the crowds to determine the veracity of the voice. Just like Polymarket predicted the result of the US election, we put a deepfake voice and a real voice out on chain and put it to the crowd with the support of the agentic ecosystem. So it's simple. You take your voice and you record it into the voice biometric, which is instantiated right now onto the Aptos blockchain. And quite simply, this is now very quickly minting this voice biometric data onto the Aptos blockchain. So I can see where I can, there we go, and you've got the NFT contract, guys, you see, it's legit. And then I can take that through. And for the example here, we have a prediction market set up so you can see that we can bid on Trump. It's a revolutionary project. Is it real? It's changing people's lives. Or would you say this is real? I don't know much about it other than how long it's in. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So you can simply deploy your tokens to bid on this. And with the power of the crowd, you can determine the veracity of this deepfake. So we ultimately are working towards building up a reinforcement learning data set with this information that can be deployed behind all of the cybersecurity systems. So the business model, we take a 5% commission on every transaction, 60 cents per user average revenue, number of transactions, 500 million per month, monetized verified voices reaching revenue of 3.8 billion based on the serviceable obtainable market. Now, I have to stress that the cyber market, the cyber security, the cyber crime cost in 2025 is estimated at $10.5 trillion. And deepfake voices are the social engineering component of that, which is just 10%. And the deepfake voices are 5% of the social engineering component of that. We've got a dynamic international team uniting. We've got a dynamic international team uniting advisors for... And thanks. Questions? How will you... So it's crowdsourcing people to listen to the recorded audio and determine whether it's real or fake, right? Yes. Well, it's exactly, yes. We are crowdsourcing. So you can make a bet on this is Trump, this is the real Trump, or this is the fake Trump, right? Yeah. And, you know, one person by themself might not be able to identify that. But our thesis is that thousands or millions will make, ultimately reach the right decision, right? And in support, supported by the agentic infrastructure that's being built up, right? How do you see, like, getting those first users onto the platform to be able to come on and actually contribute to that model? So, well, I mean, it's basically initially, you know, starting with a creator economy, right? So essentially, it's about... There's, of course, a very strong cybersecurity component. But to begin with, it's actually about, you know, training a small model of your own voice that you can then rent out to the AI assistant ecosystem. So you can monetize your voice while you sleep. You can't copyright your voice, but you can put the data on chain, and you can, you know, leverage the international, like, you know, cryptographic financial system to monetize that. Makes sense? If I wanted to add one thing on the question that you asked. Yes, this is... On the... Like, prediction market is a fun place to have. Yes. And people love... As you see, during the elections time, people were loving voting on the poly market thing. And this kind of prediction market is also a fun way to attract new crowd into the Web3 space. If it's a prediction market, does that mean someone wins at the end? So your objective isn't necessarily finding the correct one, it's the one that you think other people are going to select, or...? I'm sorry? Is the objective to find the correct one, or the one you think other people are going to select? Because if it's... The objective is to find the correct... Is to find the correct voice, right? I mean, the objective is to make... Is to make your money... Cool. To win your money through the... Time is up. ...prediction, right? Cool. Cool. Cool. Super, super cool use case right there. I think the next team is also really, really exciting. They're Zona. They are bringing real-world assets on chain. Super talented team from Columbia University, Master's students, undergrads from Hong Kong University, etc. So let's welcome to the stage Zona. Yeah, so hi everyone. So we are Zona, and we are building a scalable infrastructure for composable RWA tokens. So in simple terms, we're building a platform that allows users to speculate on RWA assets. And let's start with the problem statement. So gaining exposure to real estate is difficult. Often you face problems like high fees, high taxes. It's even worse when you invest globally. You face problems with mortgage, scams by agents, and there's a high entry to barrier to entry for real estate. And this leaves real estate the asset class with the best risk-adjusted returns inaccessible to a lot of investors. And that's why we're building Zona to solve this issue. And actually, how does it work? We have three parts to it. For the first part, it's similar to synthetic fee too. So users can stake Ethereum or stable coins onto our platform as collateral. And they can use this to mint real estate representation tokens. So like Dubai tokens and all that stuff. And these tokens will simply be pegged to the median price per square feet for real estate for that city using a PSM. And lastly, using these tokens, users can either deposit or borrow these tokens to take long or short positions on our platform. And our business model will be charging an upfront minting fee when users start minting these tokens. And similar to lending protocols, when the borrowers borrow these tokens, they'll be paying a borrowing fee to the lenders. And our platform will be taking a fee cut when they're doing this. And in terms of traction, we actually launched our MVP, Testnet MVP, two weeks ago on Plume Testnet. And in the first week, we were able to collect 91,000 transactions across 1.5k unique users. And until today, we've launched for around two weeks. And our total transaction number has gone up to 192,000 across 1.9k unique users. And we can see that there is clearly a strong demand for these RWE assets on chain, especially the trading part. And in terms of the team, I'm James. I'm responsible for the real estate stuff. We've got Yash down there. He's our lead dev. We've got OxVizard. He previously worked at Token Terminal, and he's leading our crypto growth. And we also have Jiho, my professor at Columbia. He's our advisor. And currently, we're built on Plume Testnet. And after today's hackathon, actually, we've also deployed on Aptos and also Ripple. And in the future, we're also looking to expand to other chains, such as Monad and Polygon, because we're quite close with the team. And they're helping us with onboarding our projects onto that platform. And yeah, so this is the end of our presentation here today. Thank you very much. Thank you for that. Very interesting idea. My question is, it sounds like you have two products, right? One is the price index bet, long or short. Another is the borrowing and lending product. So for the price index, who is going to take the counterpart? Say, for example, what if every user is longing the price index? Yeah, so for the long and short part, essentially, it's similar to like a lending protocol. So when someone wants, so like you can see on the screen here, when someone wants to, say, long that Dubai token, they actually have to borrow that token from someone. Or when they want to short, they're going to basically lend that token to someone. So through the power of our lending arm, we will be matching these users who want to long or short these tokens. So it's more like a pairing thing where we match these long and short onto our lending arm. So there's no like third party that does this. So it's got it, got it, got it. So the underlying anchor doesn't have to be house price. It could actually be anything. Yes, you're right. Yeah. So we took real estate as like a starting point, but it just, it doesn't just stop there. Like it could go to like stocks, could go to like pretty much anything where we have a price oracle that is sufficient for people to trade. And so, yeah, there's limitless options for what we're doing. And we're just choosing to start with real estate because it's where I started my profession. And it's the market we know the best. But yeah, it just doesn't stop here. You're correct. Yeah. So, so basically, just so I understand, so you're basically, uh, you'll stake ETH, USDC, USDT, and then you're going to get a fraction of the number of tokens based on like the median price per square foot. And then you're saying that you can basically just go long or short on those markets. And then do you have any market makers that are sort of set up already to help provide liquidity here? Yeah. So, uh, we, we don't have a setup because currently our MVP, we're, we're like a simple, um, long or short, uh, market. But, uh, for the next stage, we'll be doing this. But the current version, we only have like a simple long or short, uh, version. But later on, we'll add these functions and figure out the details later on. Yeah. Cool. That's time. All right. Thank you. Awesome presentation. Thank you. Cool. Next, we're going to welcome Zeno Finance. This team actually blew us away on the hackathon floor, um, just two hours ago. They have a super cool live demo actually of how they're bringing stable coins, uh, to everyone. So, uh, let's welcome up Zeno Finance. They flew in all the way from London actually for the hackathon for the Pitchfest finals. Uh, so come to the stage, Tom and Clive. Clive. Hi everybody. Today we're presenting Zeno and we are leading global stable coin adoption by answering the age-old question of what do we do with stable coins other than DeFi and trading? So to give you a bit of background on who we are. So my name is Clive Tsingu and I work in payments for Europe's leading holiday company. And this is my partner, Tom, and he's a payment terminal engineer at Pass Entry. So what's the problem? Currently stable coins, they sit idle in your wallet and they don't really have any real world utility. And the current crypto cards on the market, they really heavily rely on Visa and Mastercard. We charge a 1 to 3% transaction fee. And that can be very, um, very extraordinary for big companies. So what's the solution? We've built the first ever decentralized payment network on Ripple, where it allows users to spend and send a Ripple USD using NFC and all transactions are settled on the Ripple blockchain. And what's more, we're going to incentivize users to hold and spend Ripple USD through tokenized spending and cashback. Now it's time for a demo. Right, here's our demo. Um, so basically what we have here is a card machine. You enter the amount of RL USD you want to pay with. And exactly the same as you pay Apple Pay, Google Pay, you tap it on a reader. And as you can see, it's making a poll directly to the test net. And once that's arrived and that's confirmed on the track, we should get a success message. Here we go. Uh, 82 cents on RL USD. And if we tap it, it will open up the block explorer. So there we go. 82 cents. And now it's directly to the merchants, uh, USDC wallet or RL USD wallet. Next slide. So, uh, go to market strategy. Like we mentioned, we literally started development yesterday. So we want to launch, launch our mobile wallet first. Our Android is pretty much ready. And iOS is coming up next. We want to be in ready for XRPL, uh, Apex event in June. So that's where all the biggest XRPL, um, merchants will be. You'll be able to buy real world assets using your XRP wallet. And then our revenue model on and off ramping. We want to charge a commission. So anyone making a transaction is going to pay just the gas, XRP gas fee. And the way we, we make money is on and off ramping. And to keep the, uh, so merchants obviously are going to save a lot. But to, uh, incentivize vendors to use it, we're going to use tokenized cashback and rewards to, uh, as kind of like loyalty points. So our competitive advantage. Other people have said, um, why can't we just recreate this? So we're both from a payment industry. Um, it's actually very hard to get the Apple secure element APIs. It's only a brand new. They only opened up the, uh, chip recently. And we've, uh, worked with a bunch of leading point of sale and payment companies. Thanks for this. I think stablecoin startups is all the rage right now. So definitely a very good, uh, vertical. So my question is, um, what is the mode here? Like what's the network effect to you guys or which, cause this is a massive market, right? Like, are you focusing on certain geography or certain use case? Maybe just dive deeper in that go to market strategy. So we definitely want to focus on the, uh, crypto super users, right? So like we mentioned, initially we want to start with the XRP, uh, events that they hold. They hold a few around the world each year. And then as well, there's tools that there's plenty of merchants out there that you can pay with Bitcoin right now. There's a website called Bitcoin maps that says every single merchant that you can pay with grip, uh, with Bitcoin. So similarly to that, we'll reach out to those companies. We'll say, Hey, do you want to try our products? And they'll find probably a lot of crypto users like, Oh, I want to test this product out. I want to go to this store and I want to try to pay with my stable coins that way. So more like XRP aligned strategy. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Thank you. And so it's, it's fully software based on the merchant's device. So I guess it almost just be like square, but just on your, on your phone for the merchant or on their iPad. And then for the consumer that's using it, you'll be able to connect into Apple pay. Not Apple pay. It's your wallet. It's, uh, it's a Xeno wallet as well. Got it. So it sounds like a relatively simple integration, but is there a lot of merchant education that would be required for them to actually adopt this? So we would either, we'd either work as a standalone device, which is like the simplest integration. We just give them this device right in a shop. You could enter the amount, uh, that you owe, or we could go for the payment route, which is like more of a longterm plan. So instead of like having an integration, uh, into the payment, you can pay with fear or you can also pay with crypto. And like, it's a second, it's a second option using the same application. Cool. Great. That's time. Um, but yeah, these, uh, these guys are actually in discussions with ripple to use their, uh, DAP. They just built at the hackathon at apex. Uh, so ripple's annual conference where you can pay for stuff using RL USD, uh, at the conference. So that'll be super cool to see that actually play out from hackathon all the way to conference. So next up we have team Hermes. Uh, these are folks from Amsterdam and New York, computer scientists, accountants, et cetera. They're going to be showing us what they're building and they've actually already been backed by a ton of really cool, um, people. Uh, they actually have grants from some of the biggest layer ones out there like stellar, et cetera. Uh, so yeah, really excited to see what they have in store for us today. Welcome to the stage. Good evening, everyone. Uh, so I'm here to introduce to you Hermes, a perpetual exchange on stellar. So what exactly are the main issues that perpetual changes today? First one being there's huge liquidity fragmentation. You have hyper liquid, GMX, Jupiter from multiple different chains, multiple, uh, layers twos. Which one do you pick? Right. Oracle risk manipulation. People come on a lot of, uh, people on base recently. They've been pumping up volume, just faking it to earn points. Huge issue with base. At one point it was 70% of perpetual volume. And then the capital efficiency and liquidity, uh, risk. At the end of the day, most of these, uh, perpetual exchanges are order book methods, which is normal, right? Trapped by Coinbase, Binance, everyone uses order books. But when it comes to perpetual exchanges and making them decentralized, usually this leads to having an off chain component, uh, which doesn't make it decentralized. There's still a centralized, uh, system behind it. Uh, and even in Forex, right? Forex is a really old system. Everyone uses it. There's a lot of, it's a high cost. It has hidden fees. There's settlement issues, counterparties. You're going internationally. There's no centralized system for Forex, which makes sense. You have multiple different countries and institutions involved. So what's the solution? Ermes. So essentially we provide high leverage. Uh, it's, oh, okay, perfect. It was a fixed last night, but we could offer up to a hundred X to even higher for certain asset classes like Forex, commodities, cryptos. And, uh, we do provide a huge amount of capital efficiency because we use a hedge-like LP rather than an order book system, which can provide nearly zero spread and zero slippage. Uh, and to keep it very user friendly, we use pass keys for easy access using, uh, sellers SDKs and, uh, low cost trading because we're built on stellar. It's very fast, very low fee network, and it's made for users, uh, especially using their own S decks, which is layer one, uh, basically a decks on their, uh, front end. So what's the daily market value? So for Forex is over $7 trillion a day done in, uh, transactions, but the top five of perpetual exchanges only do roughly 7 billion, right? Not a huge amount, top five, uh, but there's a huge market gap, right? So what's the differences between our perpetual exchange and the average perpetual exchange you see nowadays, like hyper liquid. So again, we use a, uh, hedge-like LP. So you could essentially think like if I put in a hundred dollars worth of Bitcoin, I'll always get a hundred dollars, but the amount of Bitcoin I'll get will vary. Maybe I'll get less Bitcoin, maybe more Bitcoin, but I'll always have a hundred dollars, which really reduces the risk for the average person, right? If I just want to throw in a hundred dollars or an APY, I don't really have to care how much I have to put in and what position I have to put it in. I know I'll still have a hundred dollars. And then that just really helped with the risk management, right? A user doesn't have to go in, keep changing their orders, keep changing the positions. They just throw in their money, just like an AMM, like on Uniswap. And then pass keys. Yeah, that makes it really safe, especially for newer users that are used to like Robinhood, for example, or centralized exchanges where they just need to know their password. They don't have to sign each transaction. With a pass key, all they have to do is just sign their fingerprint on like a Mac. And then, uh, it's a primitive. So the idea is with our liquidity book, just like how hyper liquid you could use their, uh, liquidity for euro. So, uh, pretty much that. Any questions? Um, thank you for that. Um, can you quickly walk through the team's relevant background? The what? The team's background. The team's background. Yeah. So I'm an accounting major in Baruch College in New York City. My co-founder is a computer science major in Amsterdam. Uh, we've been building some projects for a while now on Stellar and other cryptocurrencies. Uh, the one project we received over $230,000 from Stellar's development foundation to create decentralized stable coin on the Stellar network. That's roughly going to be released around this month. Uh, that's what's going to provide all the Forex currencies because for most other perpetual exchanges, they have Forex, they have these commodities, but these are just synthetics. It's just paper behind the scenes. You can't really take those assets and move to another exchange or hold it yourself. Uh, and with us, since you'll have those Forex currencies from our other project, you could theoretically use that liquidity for forward contracts or a swap contract. So it's not only just doing a hundred X leverage. Yeah. Is there any relevant experiences building any decentralized exchanges before or like? Well, we specifically don't, but the Stellar Development Foundation has been giving us a lot of help. We've been contacting them a lot. They've been giving us a lot of grant funding, mentorship, and they've been really helpful through the whole process. Got it. Got it. Thank you. Yeah. Good. I'd be interested to know more about, uh, the choice to build on Stellar and were there any other chains that you considered and why you didn't pick them? Yeah. Well, personally, I feel like Stellar, well, recently they, uh, well, not recently, around last year of March, they released their smart contracts on chain. Uh, and it's using Rust. It's not a Solidity. It's not EVM. So it's obviously different from most other chains. But the thing with Stellar is they have a lot of connections with Anchor. So on layer one on their blockchain, you're able to move money in and out. So for example, if you have like 10 USDC on chain, you could go to a local money grant machine anywhere around the world and withdraw for cash. Right? So if you're from Mexico, I could send you 10 USD. You could withdraw for cash and using your local economy or vice versa. Uh, and not only money grant, but there's so many other options you could use. So we feel like bringing Forex to, uh, crypto, this would be the best option. Yeah. Cool. Nice job. Thank you. Next up we have, well, yeah, let's give a round of applause first. Cool. Next up we have Arcade. This is a super cool project that's actually built by a really stacked team, uh, Iskandar, who's going to be presenting us, uh, today. Uh, he used to be an engineer at Amazon, uh, and a bunch of other super cool tech startups before getting into Web3. So let's welcome him to the stage and let's see how he's building the AI agents of the future. Hi, everyone. Uh, we're building a platform to one click deploy AI agents, uh, gaming AI agents. Uh, we're also doing, uh, we're also doing, uh, app store, a security layer and the payments layer. Uh, uh, AI, AI is the largest, uh, market opportunity in history. Uh, and, uh, we decided to bet on AI plus gaming and, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, because AI now is, uh, able to generate worlds, uh, generate, uh, real time, uh, personalized experience, uh, in gaming. Uh, but the problem is that, uh, AI now is hyped and, uh, but even meme coins generate, uh, billions. Uh, but hype is gone with, uh, 99% of all static, uh, not interested, uh, lifeless, uh, AI's that are not fun, uh, not smart, not sharp. So we decided to build, uh, platform, uh, and, uh, that's a flow of how users interact with that. Uh, so we are handling, uh, apps, uh, payments, uh, security, tokenization, uh, and also builders can build up later. Uh, so that's how simplified, uh, uh, user flow. So you're creating agent in very simple UI, add it to your community, and after that start earning, uh, uh, uh, the percentage, uh, on every game user playing with agent. Uh, our business model is simple. We're taking 10% commission on each game transaction, uh, and, uh, we are hoping to have one million users by the end of this year, uh, and 50 million in revenue from them. Uh, very soon we are releasing our utility token, which will be used for doing a bet, uh, within the games, uh, and, uh, it, it will, it will fuel our entire token economy within our ecosystem. That's our distribution model. So people add agents to their community, other people seeing this agent, seeing it's cool, and, uh, want to add this agent to their community and, uh, et cetera, et cetera. Uh, fortunately, we are going faster, uh, than updating the slides. So we already released our first agent. Uh, it was, released was yesterday. It was pretty successful. The token was, uh, 70x at peak, uh, uh, and, uh, that's our roadmap. Uh, and we are seeking, uh, 20 months of financing. We are planning to rise 2.5 millions. Uh, we're starting fundraising next week. Uh, that's our partners. We partnered with Modern Network for the first launch. Uh, currently we partnered with CrowdMint and Velodrome. Yeah. What's the, what's the planet get a million users like how do you go do that? Uh, we're planning mostly to partner, uh, with, uh, currently, uh, existing, uh, communities, uh, and add the, uh, agents to there. So it will be not that hard to, uh, to achieve this one million user mark because we are saying about end users who is actually playing, not our, like, business tenants or community owners. Sorry, did you, uh, I might have missed this. Did you mention you guys are developing your own agentic framework or are you using say Eliza? Uh, underlying technology right now is Eliza. Uh, and, uh, we also, uh, all the games we have right now, we have two of them right now and three is coming. Uh, the games developed by ourselves. The games is a plug-in for Eliza. So you guys are developing the games by yourself? Correct. Oh, got it, got it. Okay. Thank you. But like, I mean, at this, at some point I would assume that this technology is getting implemented to other games, right? Sorry. Like why, why develop your own games? Because I would assume that this technology needs to get implemented to other games. Uh, because we will have a secure layer for payments. So that basically we are hoping to build some infrastructure to have some, uh, very secure for user and easy to use for developer, uh, the payment infrastructure. Like right now, there is an Apple ecosystem with in-app purchases. So it's super easy for user and super secure. But like, the games need to be like great games, right? Or no? Uh, yeah, for sure. Like, I guess what, what, what's the team experience on building great games? Uh, currently these games, uh, is a text-based game. So the, the agent playing with users. So it, it, it, it, it's not like triple A, uh, 3D, but at least right now. Can you talk a bit more about this? Sorry. I think we're just out of time for questions. Uh, but that was, that was great. Thank you. Cool. So now, yeah, let's give a round of applause for Arcade. Now we are going to take a little break. We're going to go into, uh, judging mode with the judges. We're going to select some of the winners, the top three winners actually for this. And we're going to reconvene here in a couple of minutes. So stay frosty, uh, stay in this room and we're going to be back very soon. Thanks to the judges as well for taking the times out of their days to judge these projects. We'll be back very soon. Thank you.