 Music Alright, we have here a full house of people, many of which it's their first time in Hong Kong. And walking around last night, people were wondering about the crypto rules in Hong Kong. And we have here the head of the SFC, Hong Kong's market regulator, to help explain them to us. Alright, so in a nutshell, how do the rules work here in Hong Kong? First of all, it's great to be here, great to see a lot of people, the native crypto people from all over the world. And I only learned that Sam, you're here in Hong Kong for two months. So, all welcome. How do crypto rules work? Now basically, if you look at our regime for crypto, it's very similar to the securities regime that we administer and enforce, because they're meant to be very similar. We reckon that very early on when Bitcoin and all the other cryptos are being traded, that it cannot really fit into our securities regulation. It can't cover, we can't actually set the rules for them if it's not fit into our definition. And so we created a bespoke, but at that time, a voluntary regime to govern the trading, the custody of assets, and which later became the legislation and got passed in June of 2023. And since then, we have licensed 10 digital assets trading platform, including the last one last night that Tom was talking about. And then we have another eight applicants which are under processing. Now, this is about trading platforms, but we are now providing, assisting the government, the financial services and treasury bureaus to put out a public consultation on two important market players, intermediaries in this ecosystem, which is the custodian and also the OTC dealing. Now, you're aware that we also have licensed brokers and fund managers. We enable them to deal in or issue crypto related products and deal in those products by imposing some obligations on them when they are dealing with, particularly interfacing with the public. And in this, we expect that there will be a full regime covering all the ecosystem. Okay, great. So why though this approach? Because in the case of Hong Kong, it's applying securities rules to crypto. And some might say that crypto is so unique, you shouldn't do that. But Hong Kong has. We believe in innovation, but responsible innovation. And we believe that innovation and regulation should go hand to hand and reinforce each other for the proper development of the ecosystem and the industry. And as regulator, like how we regulate stock market and stocks, then we, it is also, we provide what we call the three C's. That is clarity, certainty and consistency. Now, we also, earlier on, we said that we, we have licensed brokers and licensed banks who actually obligated, have undertakings when they deal in this. We also believe in moving the, promoting the institution to deal in this, to move into this space. That is, we are also promoting consensus. No, I'm actually advertising for you. I'm convergence. The other consensus. Convergence, which is a false C. And with the participation of institutional players, TREDFI, you actually get compliance. Because they are very, they are as in the traditional industry, are concerned with AML and other safe custody of assets. And they also benefit from, from this convergence by extracting efficiency. Because as we all know, we also believe that blockchain is, with appropriate safeguards, would actually help extract efficiency in clearing and settlement. So both, both sides win. Right. So how do you see then Hong Kong's role within Asia? Because some might say that Singapore competes with Hong Kong. Is that the case? Or are they separate jurisdictions as far as the markets go? Well, we, we always compete. We compete with any cities. And the landscape for crypto is actually very polarized. Meaning from, if you look at the degree of intensity of regulatory scrutiny actually spread all over the spectrum. From the very, very light touch to prohibition in the case of China. And, and in between you have, you have Hong Kong, you have Singapore, you have US, which is also suffering, despite the capital flows and the products that they are offering, they're also suffering from fermentation in oversight. So, in, so in, in that sense, actually, we actually need more, more harmonization of these standards. Because liquidity tend to move from a tight, tightly regulated to a very light touch. And this sort of fermentation in regulation as well as liquidity is actually not helping the industry. Because it will add to the compliance costs. It will also, for, for us regulators there, the, the, the, the efficiency of the price discovery is not there. If you have very fermented liquidity pool. So, if you ask me, I think we are seeing more of a alignment in the approach. You, you've seen the SEC is moving towards bringing clarity to the regulation, which has been something that we've been practicing and we've been doing so far. So, given this polarized landscape, we are having, we are, we are, we're, we're, we're, we're, have a lot of thoughts into where to position ourselves. You've, you've heard the previous speakers. And Hong Kong is in the, it's already a financial hub. You have in the audience, a lot of talent in this industry. And we have a lot of them coming from all over the world and particularly from China, Chinese, which are very skilled in this area. So we have to think, how are we going to make a, provide a regulatory framework, which is pro-growth, which is allow responsible innovation, which will actually be the high level of the, be the hub and tapping into the global liquidity. So, this afternoon, we're going to release a virtual asset roadmap in which we will lay out a forward-looking strategy by examining what way, where, where we were going forward. I can talk a little bit about it later on. Okay, certainly. So, a year ago, Americans looked to Hong Kong with envy because there was an actual rule book in Hong Kong. But now that's changed. The U.S. with a new presidency is becoming more and more crypto. How will Hong Kong compete with that? We compete with everybody. We also have, I think we have already a track record in providing very consistent and clarity and certainty in our rules. So, we actually, our regulation is investor protection focused. And I think that is important because you are trying, the crypto industry, you can flourish, you can think, but in the end, you want to attract institutional money and retail money, but institutional money. So, we have a regime in which we make sure that every, every intersection with the public, whether it's intermediaries like the brokers or the banks that are dealing in these assets, actually protect and put that first. And when the institutional people move into this field, then you instill trust in the community, instill trust among the investors and they will come in. So, I think compared to the other centers, we are actually very focused in making this a trading and liquidity and protection focused. Okay, great. So, here in Hong Kong, the SFC allows for in-kind redemptions for the Bitcoin and Ether ETFs. Now, in the U.S., the U.S. SEC did not allow that. Can you walk through the SFC's mindset in trying to allow this in-kind redemption, which was a real red flag for the U.S.? I think the Hong Kong journey has come to a point where the TrapFi convergence will happen. I think for, I've sort of laid the stage here earlier by saying that every intermediaries licensed with us or with the HKMA, we have enabled them to deal in this. So, that's why we have virtual assets or Bitcoin, Ether, ETFs approved, six of them. I think the Ether is probably the world's first, but certainly the world's first, Asia's first Bitcoin ETFs, six of them, which were authorized by the SFC in April of last year. That's the product offering. And in that, you mentioned the future of in-kind redemption. Now, all the in-kind creation and redemption has to go through a licensed virtual assets trading platform, which are licensed by the SFC. And also the PDs, which are dealing in doing this, are also licensed, that has to be licensed. And so they have a proper, I mean, you actually mimic the entire traditional system. And through these licensed platforms, they actually tap into global liquidity. So the tracking errors, the prices are actually tracked. The Bitcoin prices, the Ether prices were very well. It worked very well. So I think this is because we have built all the ecosystem which is required for it to work smoothly. Great. Okay. So to wrap things up, what's next for the SFC this year? What can we look forward to in Hong Kong? We actually, as I said earlier, we have given a lot of thoughts. We started the regime. We passed the legislation at a time when FTX, after the FTA collapse, collapse of the FTX. You probably remember that quite well. Certainly, yes. And because it was, people were saying that, wow, Julia, you're very bold in taking this move. When every other trading hubs were pulling back and reviewing that. We were able to make that move because we have, as I always emphasize, an investor protection focused regime. Safe custody of assets. You have AML, FEDF, tribal rules compliance, and also segregation of assets. Many of the fraudulent or many of the concerns that you have for a crypto exchange would be mitigated, at least with very robust rules. So the following year, we passed that legislation and hearing with this journey. So come to this point, as I've said, the landscape is very uneven. So we have to, now that we've taken this bold step, but in a very prudent manner, we can actually move to a second stage where we can give a lot of emphasis to three main pillars. Innovation, again, security, which we already have, and growth. So in this pro-growth strategy, there are a few, a few limbs to it, which will be explained in full detail when we release the crypto assets roadmap this afternoon. We'll complete the legislation with the help of the bureau, the custody, the OTC dealing, and stablecoin is already underway by the HKMA. And that's the first part. And then we expand the product offering and services. By that, we are considering sticking. We are considering derivatives product for professional investors. We are also considering margin lending for a certain customers. The third area would be optimizing operational processes. Now, we know that it's the degree of the hot wallet, cold wallet, and also adjust our custodian requirements, insurance requirements. These are the things that we will review on the compliance side and how to optimize to actually maximize the operational process. And, of course, we do a lot of engagement like this one to make sure and a lot of investor education. So more of it would actually do a bit of advertisement for Eric Yip, who has gone to the other stage to explain in the panel. But basically, we hope that you will download and look at it and give us feedback. Fantastic. Well, thanks for your time, Julia. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.