 Hello, everybody. My name is Casey Lau. I actually do this kind of thing for a living. The last time I was in this room, we had Rise here in 2019. So it's very exciting to be back here. I was at ConsenSys in Austin last year. And I got to say, the first year event here in Hong Kong is quite a big turnout. What do you guys think? Awesome. Yeah, right? Very exciting. So Hong Kong is back. I hope everybody gets a chance to look around Hong Kong while you're in town. Check out some of the restaurants and nightlife. It's very, very exciting. I understand 75% of the audience here over the next two days is from out of town, from out of Hong Kong. So it's great to have you all here and check it out. So this panel we're talking about, it's about Hong Kong transitioning from a financial hub to Web3 hub, which I think is a very exciting conversation to have. And I have three amazing panelists that will get down to the business. One is from the government. One is from institutional. And one is from the metaverse or whatever. So please, starting with you, Evan, let's start. Why don't you introduce yourself and your company? What do you do? Sure. I'm Evan L. Yang, a group president of Any Mocha Brands. We are born from the cyber port, shall we say, right? So we're one of the companies native to Hong Kong, native to Web3. We are known to be a prolific investor. But we essentially, we're an investor, we're an operator, and we're an advisor at the same time, right? So our innovation pillar in the business operations allows us and gives rise to our ability to invest into now 540 companies, which then gives rise to our skill set and actually being able to advise, almost like a Goldman Sachs of Web3. So we bring projects that have digital asset aspirations to market, right? I, myself, came from a TradFi background initially. So I was at Bankers Trust in a city group in derivatives. And then I was at McKinsey for a number of years. And then I ran KMB, the county motor bus company, however, in Hong Kong, for profit bus company. And then GLG, which is an expert network firm, for a number of years. And I'm in Animal Group brands for four years, right? Which, if you count the dog years, that you should multiply by seven. So I've been in crypto for 28 years. So that's how it feels, right? And this morning, you announced the exciting stablecoin year. So we'll talk a little bit about that later on. King. Yes. Again, great to be here at ConsenSys. Finally, it's happening. And you must call for those guests from overseas. We are 100% Hong Kong government's department. And we are here to serve all of you. In fact, we are the relationship managers to help you succeed by connecting you to the capital, the various government funding, potential clients, the major institutions in the financial side, other major corporations. So this is what we do. Now, at the same time, the other hats that we wear is essentially to try to promote via this mining platform. So I see my colleague Jane here. So again, the Dysamia Festival. For instance, it's a major platform for the various startups across different sectors. Another flagship event is the Hong Kong Fintech Week that we do in November. So these are essentially some of the platforms that we do together with collaboration, like ConsenSys, that we do marketing. And last but not least, we also work very closely with the policymakers, the regulators, essentially try to collect market intelligence to feedback what the market needs. So that's what we do. So that's what we do. I had a panel this morning talking to three startups who have all either been born in Hong Kong or came to Hong Kong. And one of them had nothing but high praise for InvestHK. She was from Taiwan. So InvestHK made it very, very easy for her to come to Hong Kong to start her Web3 business. So that was, I hope everybody from InvestK heard that. It was very good. And finally, Eddie. Hi, everyone. I'm Eddie Lau. Our firm is called Ata Tefen. We are listed in Hong Kong. So you can find a lot of information about us on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under Stock Ticket 279. So we are a hybrid. We call a hybrid financial service. We're actually one of the most licensed companies in Hong Kong. So we're brokerage business, asset management, custodian, money lending, whatnot. Most importantly, we actually are authorized to do it in virtual asset. So meaning we can mint STO. We can trade cryptos. We can do on-off-ram, meaning converting fiat to stablecoin or vice versa. We can advise people on projects. We keep custody of tokens for our clients. Obviously, we also have traditional assets, which is a bigger part of our business. We also have a team that is technology-driven. So the team is everywhere. Some of them are in Toronto and some of them are in Hong Kong and Beijing. That team is part of Ata, where we participate in the Hong Kong Monetary Authority Project Ensemble Project, which is the Hong Kong blockchain infrastructure project. So our job is quite simple. I don't know how long it will take. But our goal is to bring in, basically bring tokenized money together with tokenized assets. And also you're on something called the Web3 Task Force? Yes. It's an honor to be on that task force. It's like an action movie, but it's not. Well, there are 15 of us. I mean, Andy Mocha, actually. Yasu is on the committee as well. So we are very honored to be invited by the government to provide advice, meaning we push them quite hard to innovate, and they do. Okay, great. Okay, so for the audience, I want to kind of give a little context on Hong Kong. So 2024 was a big year. We'll get into what 2025 looks like. But maybe starting with Evan, what was something in 2024 in Hong Kong's Web3 scene that you thought was a highlight that kind of paving the way for 2025 and beyond? Well, you know, to talk about 2024 and even 2025, we would talk about sort of what happened in 2022 and 2023, which were very tough years, right? So 2024 actually began a little bit as a resurgence of sort of like the Web3 interest. It started with Game 5, which is sort of where we have been. And that wave sort of lasted four to five months, and there was a bit of a dull period during the sort of summer months. And it came back again towards the end of the year after Trump was elected, right? So that was the year. I wouldn't say that that was a great year, in fact, but it was a year of sort of like, hey, builders, you know, and applications coming to bear. AI started in a lot of ways, right? And if you remember, besides Game 5, there's infrastructure, right? So a lot of layer twos, right, big layers, layer zero, right, actually launched. And then it was an infrastructure in Game 5 kind of a year. Ultimately, for Hong Kong, I would say that if you bring in the context of where Hong Kong has been, is that there are lots of, shall we say, thinking and regulating going on in the back, right, which was not that apparent to the general public. But if you were to look at sort of the industry feedback on Hong Kong overall, is that it's definitely very thoughtful but a little bit conservative at the same time, right? So there was an additional virtual asset license, virtual asset provider license that was granted, and there was OTC regulation going on, and then stablecoin is going on. So, again, a lot of stuff happening in the back. But are we as fast as we are in sort of like, you know, in developing Hong Kong into Web3 Hub? No, we're not, right? So we're doing well, but we can be faster. So one of the most important aspects of Hong Kong being a financial center is having liquidity, right? And there's tons of liquidity in the traditional finance space for us here, but we don't have the liquidity yet for sort of what we call universal assets trading, right? So we're in the early innings, right? We're probably a little bit behind that of, let's say, Singapore. U.S., as we know, is going to catch up a little bit. So we have a lot of work to do. Okay, great. King, I'm sure you have this all written out, what happened in 24, right? It's when you go on your tours around the world to promote Hong Kong. What's one highlight you think is something that you're very proud of? Well, the one thing that we have to say is that the government has done a good job in connecting the dots. Okay. So it's not the one incident. It's the ability to really connect a number of things and try to do well. And now we're seeing the fruits. If I may just quickly paint a picture. So naturally, I think for those of you who have been in Hong Kong, you probably have seen the news about things like, you know, FAM office. You probably have heard that. There's another policy around the what we call CIES, right? The capital investment engine scheme. And then there's the fintech. And there's the wealth management. There's the crypto. In most cases, most people that I talk to, they got a bit confused, right? Because there are different pockets. But if I may, try to connect these thoughts together, which is something that the leadership and government have done a fabulous job. Now, let's start with the IPOs. Because a lot of times when people talk about Hong Kong, this almost goes about saying by comparing us against Singapore. But I have to say that for any business, capital always goes first. So that's why we think about even IPOs. So last year, we had a decent year. Not the best year. We did something like, what, 70 plus IPOs. Raising, I forgot the exact number. But I did a map. Actually, the number of deals was like 60, 70 plus versus four in Singapore. But the money raised from Hong Kong through IPOs last year was over 330 times of Singapore. Wow. 330. Yeah. 330. So, okay. Now, so let's park that idea. Number two, now guess what? A lot of these kind of companies, when they're listed in Hong Kong, then they would naturally, some of the founders, they'd like to sort of mobilize and monetize those money, right? So this is where the private banking and the EAMs, the family offices, people would come to play to essentially help this almost like new wealth to find a home to invest. Now, at the same time, for those people who are in finance, you will recognize that in recent years, there's a strong movement towards investing in alternative assets and the crypto being one of them, right? Now, so that's why when we look at just the breadth of offerings in Hong Kong, it's great because of all these new innovation going on, there'll be more and more like tokenized assets. There are more choices, right, for this new wealth to deploy the capital. So the point I'm trying to get to is that it's not just one thing. It's all these things. Now we are seeing that all the dots are being connected. And as a result, the whole financial sector is now really far up. And then also the RWA's organization is also helping the other sectors like the shipping, the supply chain finance. So even the non-financial sector are also benefiting. So it's really the series of events that are now really elevating Hong Kong to the next level. All right, great. Eddie, how about you? Last year, what's the one thing that you tell everybody when you go overseas how great Hong Kong is and what a great year it was last year? Or was it? You know, I think one thing about Hong Kong that's special is that it's slow but moving forward. Okay. I mean, I won't name names, but there are places where they move fast and they regress. Or they move fast and then they regret. We're not like that. I think Evan pointed out a very good point. VA OTC. How do you deal with stable cons? How do you go off-RAM or on-RAM? Without a good OTC regime? Absolutely important. We're slower than the other places, but when they come out, you guys will like it. One thing that I find interesting and I think people may have ignored and it could be relevant to you all, is the fact that Hong Kong government have done a lot with the tax regime. Long story short, if you're running a crypto fund here, you should be able to get money. Raise money for yourself. First of all, you survive. You don't pay tax anymore. Just like when you manage a stock portfolio, you don't pay tax. And more importantly, this is a good place where you have infrastructure. I mean, this topic is financial hub, right? So if you have been trading or running hedge funds or running family office money or multi-family office money, this is a great place for you to express your investment in a very efficient way. It wasn't that efficient before, but it's going to get more efficient. And I guess you can come back next year and ask me, but it will be so efficient next year, lots of fun will happen here in Hong Kong. Why is it getting more efficient? What is the catalyst here? Look at me. First of all, the money is here. So I'll give you an example. I mean, this is probably rolling back time. So I started trading in 2001 in New York with UBS. I was trading derivative and convertible bonds, stocks, whatnot. Arbitrage here and left and right and center. Computer get faster. We run to HFT. So roughly 10, 12 years ago, we started running HFT and index arbitrage in Asia's onshore China. Short the index, long the stocks, run a basket, collapse, and you make 15%. That was cool and new. Nobody understands what the hell we're doing except they give us money. Where do you get the money? Hong Kong, central. People give you money. And guess what? Rolling forward, now it's 2025. What do we do? In crypto, we can do HFT, cross-exchange arbitrage. You can do funding arbitrage. You can do volatility arbitrage. Momentum trading CTA. I'm sure some of you guys would know, may have invested in them. You guys are an expert in it. But what matters is this makes 20-something percent return when your try-find stuff is making 5 or 10 and sometimes negative. So why aren't people doing more of this? Tax reason? KYC, AML reason? Yep. Or they just don't understand it? And the technology infrastructure, the license regime, the fact that how we set up OFC in Hong Kong, the way that SFC regulates, make it so easy already. So it's a matter of time rather than how. Okay. That's a great segue into the question I want to ask you now. So this week's big news is Animoca, Standard Chartered, a traditional bank, and HKT. You guys have signed formally a joint venture to release a stable coin, one of stable coins in Hong Kong. Now, is it because now it's more fast? You guys are able to move quicker now? Or maybe you can talk the audience through a little bit, quick points of how it came together and what's your vision for it this year? Yeah, no, this is one of the most exciting initiatives that Animoca is undertaking because we're native Web3 companies heading to what we call the institutional side. But you look at the executive management team that we have, we're actually very, we came from pretty traditional backgrounds, you know, and then we have the visionary Yat Seal who, you know, lead us into sort of like the exploration of the innovation that we have. But this is one innovation is how do we bring the masses of Web2 into Web3, right? That's the key thing. So what we wanted to do here is sort of, we understood that the Hong Kong government, led by HKMA, wanted to get into this digital asset space via a regulated manner, right? So they were looking at CBDC and looking at stable coins. And we looked at the opportunity and we were like, what is the right combination that would really get the adoption, right? So we began speaking to Sash Hardard 663 days ago. Okay. So we counted it, right? And then now we have it signed, right? And we're like, okay, with a native Web3 company partnered with a traditional bank, that's a really good combination, right? And now, of course, you have HKT as well, which is a, you know, traditional operator that can get to the consumer level, right? So we feel that this is the right combination, which will bring the right regulatory rails into a stable coin, which already has good use cases, as we know. And if you look at sort of where Twitter's reaction to it is once we posted it, you know, one reaction was this changes everything. Why does this change everything? It's because this is the first time we have a well-known, you know, commercial bank that's innovative with very strong emerging market reach alongside a equally, I guess, well-known Web3 player, globally known in this space, and working on it together, then you have a combination of that plus an operator that would make it real on the ground, right? So this entry is very, very significant, not only for Hong Kong, but really globally. Globally, exactly. So King, how does this kind of exciting news, global news, first of its time, help you to get the rest of the government on board and accelerate faster things that other companies need to move faster in this space? Well, again, as Eddie said earlier, the task force and different closed-door meetings, in fact, I think you really ask around. We have a lot of international guests. Sometimes I miss Hong Kong. We organize meetings with the secretary, the undersecretary, the regulators, and so on. We constantly got the feedback that the policymakers and regulators are as open, as welcoming as it gets. So the first point I'm trying to get to is that we are listening to what a market needs. Okay, that's one. So therefore, the speed thing that Eddie referred to, we totally get it within governments. It's just a matter of executing. So that's one. But most specifically, relating back to the exciting announcement from Evan, is that we are getting so much interest, particularly from the mainland Chinese companies, that in the past two years, they've been really coming down. We're just so busy every day. We are welcoming all these incoming mainland delegations. Now, you may ask why. Actually, many of these companies are setting up their international headquarters in Hong Kong. Now, one of the things that they're also doing as one of the sort of positioning is to set up the corporate treasury center in Hong Kong to do things that may seem simple. They may seem simple. That is cash pooling, liquidity management, treasury stuff. But things like stable coins, things like the project ensemble, the totalized market funds are now really getting these CFOs super excited. Yeah, great. Because they can now, wow, great. All these companies, many of them are manufacturing in Asia. They have different factories and supply chain partners, clients, literally around the world. So you can imagine the complexity for moving money in and out. Now, with stable coins, they can drastically cut down the B2B, right? The B2B money movements and also lower costs. Now, at the same time, you can imagine as a treasury guy, then if you have the digital money, be it the totalized deposits, or disabled coins, or CBDC, you have the digital money to pay for the on-chain assets in the form of things like totalized money market funds. So they can even manage the cash and get some extra yield much more efficiently. So that's why many of these firms, again, we're talking about like tens and hundreds of them and thousands of them coming from China to Hong Kong, they are really bringing the liquidity as well by parking the treasury in Hong Kong. So that's why we're just getting so excited. So now that we've got stable coins, we've got all these things, then we are really moving to the next level. Okay, that's great. Okay, so Eddie, for 2025, is it stable coins, tokenizations, or the connection with the mainland that you're most excited about? Well, actually, you know, most of the things I want to say, so I'm just going to add on what you say. I think for the audience here, I mean, I guess you're here because either you're interested in cryptos or you're in finance and you want to learn about digital asset. Somehow this is kind of the future. So that's 2025 or 26, 27, what should I do with this? My personal view on this is somehow Hong Kong had this, I don't know whether it's luck or by design, had this vision of building kind of everybody welcome infrastructures. It's not there yet. It's not even that obvious. But the project ensemble, what the regulator are doing, the government is doing, means that folks like Sarah Charter, which is a relatively traditional bank, which means that all of you, with a job that is relatively traditional, be selling bananas or apples, transferring money to Southeast Asia because you bought a better rice, can become relevant to tokenizations. I know that connection is hard to make, but I highly encourage you to participate into the Hong Kong project. Again, not obvious, obvious. But when you see tokenized asset coming out, please get involved. You buy one, you have a wallet, you trade one. it's not perfect product on day one, but the power of smart contracts, the power of digital ID, and the fact that the public sector, the traditional banks, amazing companies that are innovative, like Animoca, us, a listed company with both TriFi and digital asset licenses, all of us are building somehow an ecosystem where everybody can get involved. I think that should be relevant to the audience here. Would it become the most dominating economy here? I think so. Because I think one distinction between Hong Kong and Singapore, I mean, I can't help, but I have to bring out the name of Singapore, but Singapore is the center of Southeast Asia in a way for financial service, less so with commodity trading because Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand have their own economy. Hong Kong have mainland China and this mainland China cross-border flow just between Hong Kong and mainland and China versus other country means that what we're building here is going to be so relevant to all of you. It's going to be so widespread. And I think adoption ultimately is what people are looking for and you'll be one of those who adopt it hopefully. And the adoption rate will be so high in two to three years in Hong Kong maybe a stable call, maybe tokenized deposit, maybe CBDC, maybe a tokenized real-world asset, God knows. But what matters is you'll be using some of it. That would be the biggest prediction, I think. Okay, great. That's awesome. Okay, I want to segue with kind of what you were talking about. I want to talk about Singapore because a lot of people, I think, from the U.S. that are in town or from Europe don't understand the rivalry between Hong Kong and Singapore. It's been there for many, many years, many decades. Definitely during Web2, a lot of the startups competed with each other who had the better investor scene, who had the most unicorns, things like that. You know, the biggest show in Singapore that will compete against ConsenSys is Token 2049. I think everybody knows and has been to that event. That used to be in Hong Kong, right? The founders are from Hong Kong. They moved over there because of the pandemic. I don't think we're going to get them back. The F1 is quite an alluring thing to be on top of. But we have ConsenSys, we have Web3 Festival, we have the FinTech Week, we have all kinds of great stuff. So I want to talk, like, Evan, you know, what do you see are some of the challenges and the benefits between Hong Kong and Singapore for building Web3? I know it's a big conversation, but maybe pinpoint on one thing that you see because you guys have offices there as well, but you retain headquarters here in Hong Kong. What's the allure here between us and Singapore? Well, I mean, you know, besides the fact that, you know, we are born and raised in Hong Kong, really, Hong Kong is a, sorry for Singaporeans out there, is a much more credible financial center. Okay, that's good. Right? And then the quantity of talent that you see and the geographic location being in the smack middle of Asia makes a huge difference. We're in the same time zone. Yeah. But if you sort of look at what we're trying to build here, you are trying to leverage a bit of financial talent, which there's plenty here, which can give rise to the FinTech space. That rail that we're trying to build here, you can get the talent here, right? The tech talent, China, right? Some of the best talent in blockchain actually comes from China, right? They might be more on the private side or the more regulated side, which works for Hong Kong ultimately, right? If you go back a little bit to what we talked about, you know, leveraging what we talked about in the stable coin, what's the purpose of us being here in the first place, right? So AnyMoka really, our entry into Web3 is founded upon the philosophy that the internet needs to be democratized, right? What does that mean ultimately? Data is not democratized today. Yes, there's open access to the internet, but whatever you create comes back to you in forms of advertising. It's not free. You might be manipulated and all of that. What we're doing with decentralized ID via Mochaverse, via reputation layer, is the century of peer in the future about what the internet ought to look like, right? What does stable coin itself symbolizes as we enter it? It stands for, to us at least, that the banking system, the banking rails, in light of geopolitics, needs to also be neutral, right? Because at the end of the day, we know we're under the SWIFT system, the US dollar system. Nothing wrong with that as long as geopolitically, we're all friends. Now, are we all enemies? We're not all enemies. We're certainly not where we are 10 years ago. Right. So what you need is a 24 by 7 neutral, you know, crypto rails on public chains, right? That's what you need to spur the adoption of financial system that will propel itself forward, right? The banking rails itself is old, okay? But it's not that it doesn't work. It works, but some elements of it need to be modernized. So where do you go? What's the entry point, right? You definitely want 24 by 7 programmable atomic settlement money. That's what you would want to go to. The banking side, even a bank that is as venerable as Santa Charter would go into it. But for us as NEMOCA, what we would like to see is ecosystem building, right? So you have to have that. The philosophy is what drives us forward, right? And then if you do the right thing, then your revenue as a profit should naturally flow in. That's what we believe in. Yeah. Great. Awesome. King, you know, we've had some big crypto companies here in Hong Kong. Just as we were talking before, Amber, Nansen, they all started here. They eventually moved to Singapore. Do we try to get them back or do we just work with InvestHK to bring the new generation in or, you know, alleviate the ones that are here now? Well, first of all, on record, Amber, they are here. There are people in Amber. Amber people here. Okay. In fact, I'll be going to the Amber party tomorrow night. Okay. Okay. Now, again, we know most of these players, the Nansen and so on. There was this, like, temporary situation from COVID that Singapore opened up like a year earlier. So that basically shifted a lot of the media focus that, oh, Singapore are getting a bit of these companies from Hong Kong. But guess what? A lot of these, the fam offices, the high net worths, you know, the companies, they are slowly moving back. Yeah. Some of them quietly, but we see, we see a whole landscape. Yeah. Now, of course, there are just so many of the, the hard facts I can go to. But like, in terms of time, I like to go a different track. I like to go on the intangible side. Now, I just want to sort of hear from the audience. By the way, who have you seen the movie Four Trails? Or maybe the video on YouTube, Four Trails. Okay. Now, I think if you have not, I highly encourage you to just find Four Trails on YouTube. And they'll blow you away. Now, the reason why I like to use this as a way to sort of like give you like a different, different angle is because in my work, I'm just super grateful that Invest Hong Kong hired me to allow me to have this kind of exposure to see a lot of really smart people around the world. For most people who have been to Hong Kong, there's some kind of magic in which it's almost like love at first sight. People will be like, oh, I love Hong Kong. I like the hiking trail. I love the food. I love the Thai Pai Dong. There's a special love to it. So that's why when a lot of people move to Singapore during the pandemic, most of them are not by their own will. It's just by necessity. Right? The school and everything for the kids. But now they're coming back because they feel that this is a place that they love and enjoy their lifestyle. And we've been seeing that over and over and over again. So don't listen to me. Just watch the four trails. There are literally a lot of expatriates in Hong Kong. They have run the trails and they have filmed the video, put it on YouTube before it became a cinema, a radio movie. And actually, guess what? A lot of these kind of viral activities happen in Europe because I happen to know some of the people running in the four trail video. And one of them is a CEO from Switzerland. His peers back in Switzerland saw the video. They're like, wow, this is a different side of Hong Kong I've never seen. I have to see that. So they flew to Hong Kong just to experience the other side of Hong Kong and they love it. They decided to stay. So that's the side that I want more people to listen and experience it besides all the hard facts that we are all so proud of. Okay. It's called Four Trails. Four Trails. I'm glad that you're watching YouTube in the InvestHK office. That's awesome. I'll watch it tonight. Watch it tonight. Yeah, I haven't seen it either. I haven't seen it either. Eddie, you are based here in Hong Kong but you travel the whole region of Asia. You're in mainland, you're in Southeast Asia, you're in Japan and you just told me you speak fluent Korean and you love New Jeans and Blackpink a lot. So from that perspective, why don't you tell us what you think of between Hong Kong and Singapore because you're able to look at it maybe more from a holistic viewpoint instead of just between the two countries themselves. Just to make it clear, I don't even have time to watch a movie so I'm traveling for work. Not for fun. I wish I'm trying for fun. We travel around the region because we have clients around the region. We have customers. What do they do with us? Guess what we are good at? Financial service. Capital market. People need money. People want to exchange money. People want to make investments. What's the right way to put it? I think if you're in crypto trading, so there's somehow media focus around crypto people, crypto natives moving to Singapore and they have a lot of coverage around it and they ignore probably 98% or 99% of the rest of the population. They don't cover them. So if you're a crypto native trading cryptos doing DeFi, meaning DeFi, you know, stake, you lend and whatnot, maybe Singapore is just likely better today and here might work in 18 months time, Hong Kong regulation will catch up and you'll be doing your DeFi here as good as in Singapore and I don't see any reason why they don't come back. So apart from the DeFi people, you've got a bunch of people who do on-around business. Guess what? We have stable cons. We make this Hong Kong dollar version regulated. We also have, you know, accepting like, you know, we have regime VAOTC that deal with unregulated tokens, so-called. USDT, USDC, you know, FDUSD, any stable cons out there. So, how can we be not the best place to, for someone with crypto to go into the banking systems? Legitimately. With KYC, AML, KYT, with a perfect regulatory regime. This is like going to training. Sorry, I'm a bit overweight, so I need to lose weight. Trust me, if I go to gym every day for three hours, I assume I don't have to do my full-time jobs, you know, I will have time to go to gym. For after one month, I can play very good football. This is where the banking system is today. It's an overweight banking system. They need to go to gym, need to be training up on how to deal with cryptos. How do you understand? When someone presents at USDT, you don't stop them because they are proper people. They earn it in a proper way. So, give it another 12 months to 18 months and what happening with Anymocha, with Audi and all those stable cons are awesome because you're training the banks, you're training the regulator to accept basically digital currencies. So, these are the two reasons why generally, a crypto guy will come to me and say, I'm in Singapore. And trust me, in 18 months time, they're sitting right here with us. Right, yeah. If not 24 months. Last but not least, the reason why we travel is that, guess what, if you, there are three reasons why I travel and three reasons why they talk to me. Hey, Eddie, I have a project. I want to tokenize it. As a matter of fact, sometimes, can you sell stocks, which is a tri-file product, along with tokens that's regulated? Absolutely, Hong Kong is welcome. By the way, if I can't sell a token, at least I can sell the stocks. Be public shares or public shares. So, the power of capital market here is tremendous because ultimately, people just want the capital. And Hong Kong is, in a way, better than Singapore. I remember there was a discussion, sorry, I ran out of time, but exactly 10 years ago when the Hong Kong Stock Connect was there, there were a bunch of hedge funds trading China stocks saying that they want to be in Singapore. And while others want to be in Hong Kong, guess what, the Hong Kong one absolutely outperformed. AUM is better, performance better because they're closer to the company. So, you've got to be in here in the right market to raise capital. But finally, last but not least, I mentioned tokenized money, I mentioned security tokens, I also mentioned all of RAM. I want to highlight the fact that the government becomes so embracive and things are happening around all this institution that basically make up the whole economy of digital asset. The kind of integration between TriFi and DeFi or digital asset, we won't have time today to go into deep dive into it, but trust me, this is moving so fast. When I go down to Singapore, I don't feel it. Okay. Great. Okay, I've got a bunch more questions for you guys, but we're running out of time. So, let's give a round of applause to the panel here, but also thank all of you for being here to learn more about Hong Kong. Invest HK's booth is right over there. Evan and Eddie will be out here to take questions over here afterwards. Thank you. Also, Annie Mocha booth over there. Oh, Annie Mocha booth over there. Eddie, where's your booth? Next year. All right, great. A lot of free drinks. Thank you. Oh, scary photo. Yeah, we should do a photo. Okay.