 . Ready, Dom? Ready. Let's go. Let's do it. All right. So as you can tell, Dom and I are brothers. Looking up here, Dom is older than me by two years, but we've been working together for a long time now. I'd like to start with a story, but before that, I'll ask just a couple of questions so that I know that we can tailor this in the right way. So who's excited about, like, founder story, that sort of thing? Okay. I've got a couple of people. Who's, like, really excited about, like, crypto side, like trading, asset prices, that sort of thing? Okay. We've got some traders here as well. So we've got a good mix, so I'll try and bring it into both. But before we go into EZA, just a story about us. So Dom and I, we're brothers. We both grew up in London. And my journey into the space begins just over a decade ago with something that I came across as I was a student. I was studying or meant to be studying, and I came across this piece of paper which talked about a new economic system. It talked about a new form of peer-to-peer electronic cash, and it sat out exactly how that was going to be done, how we were going to build out all this infrastructure. And that was, of course, the white paper, the Bitcoin white paper by Satoshi Nakamoto. I went home that evening, and I learned every single thing that I could about the stuff. I learned about PSUs, CPUs, GPUs, ASICs, FPGAs, you name it. I was there, and I was absolutely loving it. So that was my start in 2013. So I first started mining Bitcoin, and then got into the alts of Litecoin, Feathercoin. Pretty much you name it. That was the year of alts. It was a fascinating time and very, very exciting. Also, people working on new types of proof of work, things like Primecoin, which still to this day, I think, are very, very, have been very exciting, at least in the promise that they involve. Flash forward a couple of years, and Dom and I were off at university. I won a scholarship at Cambridge University in the UK, and Dom was a scholar at UPenn, University of Pennsylvania, at Wharton. He ended up getting recruited by Blackstone, fresh out of Wharton, and also by Travis Kalanick over to set up their brand new office. After Travis had left Uber, he went and set up Kyle Kitchens, which is a unicorn many times over right now. And I ended up becoming an attorney, so I took a break from software, came back, and founded EZ-A. Today, EZ-A is the biggest Web3 education app. We have over a million users, and startups founded by EZ-A now valued at $3 billion, but I'll leave that to Dom to tell a little bit more. But just to progress that story a little bit, we were working at the time in New York, so Dom was in finance at Blackstone, I was an attorney, and we co-founded two startups before. So we co-founded two marketplace startups. EZ-A is the third startup that we're building. But flash forward a couple of years, right, this was about a decade, almost a decade after we first got into crypto. And what were we excited about? What were the problems? Well, there was this huge problem, which was that there was all this cool technology that people had built, all these blockchains, but nobody was actually building. There weren't enough applications, and we knew that in order to get this vision that we had, and this vision that we shared with a lot of other people that we had first been fascinated by all those years ago, we knew that we needed to do something. And so that led us to the creation of EZ-A and the EZ-A app. And I'll hand over to Dom to share more about the EZ-A app, and then I'll bring it back at the end to the vision and what's next for EZ-A. Cool. Thanks, Phil, for that introduction. So great to see everyone here. I think a lot of you are probably wondering, you know, what is this mobile app? What can you do with it? Well, that's the EZ-A app right there. This is how we've educated over 1 million devs on blockchain. So anyone can download the EZ-A app for free. There's never any charge at any point in time. And people can learn about the world's best blockchains like Solana, Apto, Sui, Ripple, Polkadots, you name it, all through the EZ-A app. And so today, like I was saying, you know, we've educated over a million developers all across the US, UK and Asia. We host hack thorns in person every single month. And we routinely have hundreds and hundreds of people show up to those where they launch their ideas and actually then go on to get funded by some of the world's best VCs. We've had projects now that have come out of EZ hack thorns that are worth over $3 billion. And these have been funded by A16Z, YC, Founders Fund, some of the best VCs. Cognition AI is one of the famous startups that actually came out of an EZ hack thorn. And we have tons of others who are also doing really cool stuff that you can see on the second floor, sort of, you know, getting launched in real life. So super cool events that we host as well. In addition, obviously, to the app, which is sort of the main product that we actually develop. And we work very closely with all of the world's best blockchain clubs, Cambridge Blockchain, Harvard Blockchain, you name it, really to work with them to actually get the best founders launching projects on the blockchains. So you can see a bit about how it actually works. So one of the close partners we work with is actually Stacks. They're a Bitcoin layer 2 that allows you to deploy smart contracts on Bitcoin. Super cool. And this is a little introduction, actually, to how it all works in practice. So you can go very much like you can in Duolingo from sort of like a 101 basic understanding all the way down to actually deploying your smart contracts right from the EZ app. So that's super cool, super innovative. We actually built the first smart contract launcher to be built into a mobile app in history. So, yeah, really cool stuff that we're doing. And that's why we work with so many of these great blockchains to actually be their main way that they onboard developers. So here you can see some of the cool startups that have come out of easy hackthons. Cognition AI, Walden Yan, was just a junior when he started his startup. He dropped out of Harvard, raised hundreds of millions, and now they're a unicorn many times over. We have some super cool projects that actually came out of last year's consensus hackathon. Andre, who launched Wrap Me Daddy, they're building a wallet, starting off with meme coins and then expanding further out. And then also Axel up there, which is a really cool startup that's building AI agents focused on trading and eventually going to expand onto everywhere. So these all came out of easy hackathons. We have tons more. And yeah, definitely encourage you to check out the hackathon on the second floor. So you can see all of these startups get launched in real life before your eyes. We have pitches tomorrow as well, tomorrow afternoon. So definitely check those out as well. And these are actually all of the projects pretty much that have come out of easy hackathons and that are still building today. So you can see that the EZ A ecosystem is super big, super vibrant, and they're being backed by the back. We're also launching a fund later this year where we're going to be investing in the hackathon projects that come out of hackathons. So again, super exciting things that we're working on together with the community and together with our partners. But I'll leave it up to Phil to discuss one more thing that we've been working on that's going to be a game changer for blockchain developers. Exactly. Thanks, Dom. And thanks, Dom, for sharing the context. So we've left about seven minutes for the next part of the talk. And that's about halfway through. But why is the one more thing taking so long? Well, that's because it's a big, big one more thing. And it's going to be some big alpha for all of you who are sitting in this room today. The reason that I talked a lot about our story and where we all began way back in 2013 is because that is absolutely crucial for understanding where we are today. As they say, in order to understand the present, you need to first understand the past and you need to understand the history that came before it. So remember, I first got into Bitcoin in 2013 through Bitmining it. Then came the alts. Dom as well and I have been building EZA for the past almost five years now. We built a community of over one million users and the startups that have come out of it are now valued at over $3 billion. So we built a huge, huge amount in a very short period of time and brought huge value into the ecosystem. We partner with pretty much every major blockchain, blue chip blockchain in the space from the A's of Aptos down to the S's of Solana, the newer ones like Sui, the P's in the middle like, of course, Polkadot. And we've been instrumental in helping to grow those ecosystems from the ground up. So what's next? And what are we building and what are we excited about with EZA today? Well, the one thing that we still have not solved yet, and this applies across blockchain as a whole, is making it easy for developers to get started in the space. Our story behind EZA has always been to educate developers and teach them. But what we've realized is that there are some bits which for the typical developer when they come in are still really, really difficult. They're still very, very difficult to understand. And we can see ourselves as being sort of in the space that people like to refer it as being in the sort of dial-up era of the Internet, right, where it's hard to get set up. It takes a while. And I like to view it as in some ways the pre-Stripe era. Who's familiar with Stripe? Probably most of you, right? Okay, cool. So Stripe, you use a couple of lines of code, you plug in, and boom, you can accept payments like that. The same does not exist in blockchain. And so what we're really, really excited to announce is the EZA white paper, which is going to be released in two weeks, which is going to be a groundbreaking new way to build on the blockchain. And so if you're here, you're one of the first people ever to hear about this. We've been working with some of the world's leading academics on building this white paper. It draws on Dom's experience working in finance and TradFi. It draws on my experience in the legal world and also being in the space for many, many years. And so we've designed a brand new protocol, which we're going to be releasing the details of shortly in the EZA white paper in two weeks. And to give you a little teaser of what that looks like, think one line of code in order to do 70% of operations that you can do on the blockchain. And within a couple of lines of code to be able to do 90% of operations, right? If you really, what we've been able to do is crystallize with all of what we've seen with builders and everything that we've seen over the past many years, what developers are really using these technologies for. We've seen what people have been building on the XRP ledger with Ripple. We've seen what people have built on Polkadot. We've seen what people have built on Aptos time and time again. And we see what people struggle on. And we know exactly where the future is headed. And so the EZA protocol is going to be what is next in EZA's future. We have the developers. We have the partners. But there's just one last thing that we need to solve. And that is, of course, the million dollar question, the billion dollar question, the trillion dollar question. And that's what we're solving with the EZA protocol. So thank you very much for listening. We will have more on the EZA white paper, which we will be releasing within the next two to three weeks. It'll be open for peer review. And if you're here, you're very, very early. Make sure that you follow along for the EZA journey. It's EZA app. And if you have any questions about it or if you want to get involved in the mission, one thing that we're doing is together with our partners, we're giving a lot of grants to builders. So one thing that we're very, very excited about is this protocol is going to be additive to the blockchains that we're working with. It's going to make it easier to build on them. And so it's not in competition at all. It's really additive. And so one of our great partners is Polkadot. So we have the EZA ex Polkadot University. And one thing that we're really, really excited about is that we're going to be managing the fast grants. So with the EZA protocol, we're going to be set to experience a massive new influx of builders. We're talking about absolutely huge numbers that are going to be able to come. And what we have to support just that is the fast grants. That is up to $10,000 per team distributed in under 72 hours to people who just want to build. So it's a super, super exciting time. Dom and I have never been excited in all the years that we've been, never been more excited. Of course, we've been excited. Never been more excited about the future. And 2025 is going to be a year that you're going to be seeing a lot more of us as well and a lot more of people building in the space. So thank you very much for listening. Follow us on socials. We'll be around and also we're hosting the hackathon downstairs. So if you want to see what people are building and you want to see a sneak peek, we have our engineering team as well here who are going to be sharing a little bit more about what it's actually going to look like to build on the EZA protocol. Thanks, everybody. We're looking forward to seeing you soon. Thanks, everyone.