 Hello everyone and welcome to the emerging tech stage. I'm Jen Sinassi from CoinDesk. We are going to be talking. I have a little fan club here. This is the best stage I could have been on. We're going to be talking about how established brands are using Web3 with my fantastic panelists. So I'm going to let each one of you talk about how you are using Web3 and then we are going to dive right into it. And Popeye, we're going to start with you because your name is Popeye and you are holding a bottle of beer. So before you tell us how Suntory is using Web3, please tell the audience very quickly why they call you Popeye. Oh yeah. First of all, Popeye is not a real name. It's a nickname. So I got this nickname from the founder and CEO of Rakuten. And he told me that, hey, you're not like Japanese. And out of nowhere, he said Popeye. So that's the nickname I got. So when it comes to Web3, I would say the blockchain. And when Suntory has like Hibiki, Yamazaki, we got the French wine and stuff. But unfortunately, there's a lot of counterfeit product. So fake product. How can we fight against those counterfeit product is something Suntory has been working on. So using a blockchain, you can't tamper the data. So that's something we've been doing. And then we just launched this very expensive beer. It's $45 US per bottle. But then so far, we launched this one in November. And so far, so good. So that's something I can talk about and share with you guys. Thank you. All right. We're going to move on to Ashok now, who represents MasterCard. I think our audience is going to understand this one a little bit easier. But talk to us about how you're incorporating Web3 into MasterCard's business. Okay. Hi, guys. My name is Ashok. I lead the MasterCard's digital assets and blockchain practice for Asia. We've been doing this for the last six or seven years, very much around the payment space. So our goal as a network is to really connect Web2 and Web3 together and make payments easier and scalable. So that way, it doesn't matter what you have in your wallet. You could have a tokenized version of Popeye's beer. You could have cash. You could have fiat. Whatever you have in your wallet, we want to enable that as a payment methodology to connect between Web2 and Web3. So the transition has been slow, but we are seeing a lot of progress, a lot of movement in the space as more companies like Suntory and some of the others are getting on the Web3 space and they need a digital currency payment methodology. So as the ecosystem grows, our network will continue to support. All right. So we're going from beer to payments to fashion now. Sandy represents The Hundreds. Talk to us about how you're incorporating Web3 into your brand. Yeah. So The Hundreds is a storytelling brand and we used Web3 to further enhance that story as well. The brand itself has been around for 20 years and throughout the years we have accumulated so many different iterations of our mascot Atom Bomb as well as different prints and patterns that we use throughout our seasonal garments. And we never really found a way to tell the story in a comprehensive way up until we had Web3 introduced to us. In a way, our project Atom Bomb Squad also doubles as an archival project. You know, we combined these characters with these backgrounds and each one has its own unique combination. It has its own unique lore and it explains why the character is the way that it is, when it was released, the pattern when it was released. So all of it dates back to 2003, whenever the brand first started and it really helps us continue the storytelling into Web3. So many of the conversations that we have at crypto conferences are, you know, with startups, people who are building Web3 first. They're really in an exploratory phase. They're really at the very kind of beginning, the infancy of their companies. And the reason I'm so excited to talk to the three of you today is because you've already had very established brands in each of your industries and you're implementing this new technology and you have to ensure that it fits with your business model, right? You have to ensure that it works and it works for your business, but it also works for your customers. So Popeye, I'm going to pass it back over to you. Sure. When you were looking at how to solve this problem that you had, which was counterfeit products, how did you explore Web3 and how did you ensure that it was going to fit into the business model that you'd already established? Yeah. I think when it comes to average people, they don't know much about blockchain. So at the same time, blockchain is the one you can, you know, keep the data transparent. You can tamper proof. So my role as a chief digital innovation officer, making sure that using the latest technology and anybody can use. And what we did is like a, it's like a combination of the hardware and software. Software side, we are using Avalanche blockchain. And then when it comes to hardware, we basically use the NFC chip over the top of this 45 US dollar expensive beer. And then as soon as, you know, you open the bottle, basically you tear this NFC chip. So we can prove that this bottle is open. So in the past, because there's no protection, anybody can open up a whiskey or wine and put the different, you know, liquid whiskey and then sell it to other people. And for us to protect the brand equity, you know, we want to make sure that the end user, those people who love Japanese whiskey, we got to provide some kind of proof. So after the end user scan, and it's pretty simple stuff. You don't have to download an app or anything. You just scan it. And then you just type in the certain information because it's alcohol, so your age and the stuff. And then you get the proof of consumption. So from a brand point of view, we want to make sure that those who are not just collecting a bottle, but also they taste it. And say, for instance, this beer, I got, you know, I got the proof. And then maybe 10 years later, we, you know, some people or myself saying that, hey, I tasted this one and then I have this proof. So a lot of people I met in the past that, oh, Popeye, I love your product. Yamazaki 21 is beautiful. They can keep talking about it, but then they can collect, you know, collect those kind of NFT as a proof. So it can be more like a Pokemon card in the future. Hey, I have this and that, the other. So that's, yeah. How many people actually do it? When you look at how many bottles you sell and how many have the availability for folks to scan that QR code? Yeah. How many people do it? Well, actually, this one is a proof of concept. So which is something we launched and limited edition, 12,000 bottles we launched. So we start collecting some data. So funny thing is, for instance, this one is only sold in Japan. But then some tourists, I guess, they bought the bottle and bring back to their home country. So I get the data that some people opened up in Taiwan, Thailand, UK, any other country, so many countries. So this is something we didn't know. Even though this is a, you know, Japan-only product, nowadays people travel all over the world. And it's really good to hear that, you know, from the brand side that a lot of people wanted to try this unique product. So to answer your question, it's still a proof of concept stage. And then this year, we have some plan to go a little bit more, you know, interesting. Yeah. Ashok, I want to come to you now. MasterCard, traditional payments firm. I think it's a perception that traditional payments firms, financial firms, are kind of slow to move and adopt new things, right? There are a lot of processes to go through. Talk to me about when you were exploring how to incorporate Web3 or crypto into your business model, how you ensured that that was going to still fit with your core business model, and you were going to get buy-in from everyone that needed to buy in. So, I mean, if you think about payments, right? Payments is what most of us just expect to happen, right? You tap your card, you go to a store, you tap it, you just expect payments to happen. So we really didn't have to bring crypto into our rails at all. But we saw a lot of requests from our customers saying we are doing things like Suntory is doing, where they're doing provenance of really checking the quality of goods. So as a result, we said, well, if we can wrap a certain level of conditionality around our payments to say, well, if the quality is who they claim to be, then we can actually make the payments generate, right? So it gave our customers more control when the payments were made. So we actually look at the payment itself wasn't broken, so we never had to fix anything. But this gives you an additional layer of transparency, additional layer of security, and the ability to actually make a payment when it's due rather than either prepaying or postpaying. So there are capabilities that you can do with blockchain that we couldn't do fully on the traditional rails. But we're still continuing to evolve and change and learn more. And as we do so, we can add more functionality to our services. If nothing was broken and nothing needed to be fixed, how long did it take MasterCard to decide we are going to try this thing that's not actually solving any problem that we have? It's still in process, right? Okay. Because, you know, I've been with the firm for six years, so we started doing this around six years ago. And we're still trying to get the senior management and a lot of people, even our customers, to really understand the potential of a blockchain payment methodology. Because if you really think about it, the value that we provide is so subtle, so much in the background that most people won't realize it. So for a general public, if they want to use their payment methodology on blockchain, it doesn't really matter, right? But for somebody who is a business owner, wants to get paid faster, more efficiently, or let's assume for a moment, not, you know, I order a thousand bottles of this beer and it doesn't show up, right? I should not be responsible for making that payment until it's actually delivered. So those kind of protections kind of come into play that most people don't realize are so important that we can actually do using digital currencies. For the folks who represent traditional financial firms in the room who need to get buy-in from their executives to experiment with the technology, what advice would you give them? Well, I mean, you've got to try. You've got to jump in, right? You just can't wait anymore. You could wait in the past, but now there's so much happening in the space. If you don't jump in now, you're never going to be able to catch up. But MasterCard has got technology which will help you catch up to where you need to be. All right. Now we're moving over to the fashion world. Sandy, talk to us about exploring NFTs to really kind of engage your community more when it comes to your pieces and how that fit in to your business model. Yeah. So whenever we first decided to go into NFTs, it was strictly purely for we kind of saw our mascot, Atombomb, as being the perfect person for this. We just had so much assets to use it and it just kind of seemed like the perfect avenue for it. We, I guess, we were faced with a bit of maneuvering that we had to do because our existing customer that's coming in from the hundreds is not somebody that's typically keen to tech. And it's not someone that's generally open to the conversation either or doesn't really know how to take the steps into doing that as well. So it took a lot of onboarding on our side and trying to explain why we were doing this in the first place and why we should be involving more culture and more cool stuff like that with in tech, because there is definitely a way to use new tech within not only introducing the culture, but also bringing into apparel side as well. So it's, it definitely took a lot of experimenting and still a lot of experimenting that takes done or to this day. And it's, it's fascinating. You know, it's something that we continue to play with. What year did you launch your first collection? In 2022. Okay. Okay. And so why did you launch it knowing that it would be a challenge for your audience to understand and onboard onto? I think that speaks to the hundredth ethos. We typically do a lot of things that our audience is like, why are you guys doing that again? And we, we were just so fascinated by the topic. You know, at that time, there is this really strong conversation around creator royalties that we were really fascinated by. Um, we've never, you know, be, being in culture, being in, in, in the space, you never really hear of an opportunity where the artist continues to be able to, um, make profit off of their artwork, especially in a resale market, which is really huge within street road within itself. And that topic itself really fascinated us. And that's the reason why we decided to jump into this space. We thought it was something new and something unheard of. And at that time, no apparel, I wouldn't say no, but we were one of the earlier apparel brands that really adopted and went into the space with it. And we learned a lot from it. I pretty happy with what we did in the space. Did it have anything to do with all the hype around NFTs in 2022? You know what? So there was hype within there, but it didn't cross over to streetwear and in the streetwear world, we were the first to go into the space and we were able to introduce that topic to some of the other people within streetwear as well. So while there was some hype in there, it didn't necessarily cross into our world up until we kind of led the forefront for that. And I'm really happy that we did so. Cause now we, you kind of see it everywhere. You know, even I would say BoardApe Yacht Club has even made its way into the space. And then it's really prominent within it as well. And you're beginning to see that with other companies that are in Web3 and in NFTs, which I think it's really cool. You mentioned that you put a lot of effort and resources into onboarding and education. What did that look like? If I was going to buy one of your clothing items, what would that education look like for me? Yeah. So we did a lot of open forum because we ourselves met with a lot of people prior to meeting there and we had a ton of questions. I mean, we're really curious people naturally and we figured our audience would have those types of questions as well. So we made sure that we held these sessions for them. We made sure we also partnered and collaborated with other leaders in the space to not only teach people about onboarding, but other things that they would need to know in order to be in the space, such as security and safety. And we did that with our partners over at Ledger, created our own digital wallets and made sure we preach all aspects of it as well. And it took a lot of Loom sessions as well. I want to talk about, I love doing these panels because we get to hear war stories. We get to hear lessons that we may not hear in any other forum. So, Papa, I'm going to come back to you. If there was like one war story or lesson that you learned while bringing Web3 to this already very established brand, what is it? What did you take away from that? Well, I think I'm not crazy about using Web3 as a more like a special industry. Or for us, we have beautiful product like whiskey, beer, wine, and most of the people just don't care much about how technology works. So my challenge is always like, how can I make sure that the average people can taste our product with confidence? And then for me, how can I protect the brand equity is so important for the brand company. And then a lot of people spend like thousands and thousands of dollars. Some people actually, their most expensive whiskey is now $800,000 per bottle. So how can I protect that this product is so authentic? So that's the reason why we are not doing this for the sake of Web3. And then the brand we have to, you know, sort of protect, how can we do it? And blockchain was there. So that's how we use the blockchain for our own business. I guess I'll ask the whole panel then. Do we talk about Web3 too much? Should we be talking about the technology? Should we be discussing this in a totally different way? Who wants to take it? Me? Okay. Well, I mean, like I think the technology itself doesn't matter, right? I mean, for us, it's the underlying process that we're trying to fix. So for us, it's about like if it's payments. Like B2B cross-border payments has always been a pain point. Like when I was in the US, I would send money to my parents in India. To get $1,000 from New York to India would probably take me three days, right? And that's a long time. So using technology like this allows you to make payments much more efficiently. So if you think about a small business owner, either in Southeast Asia or Latin America, where they're living kind of paycheck to paycheck or order to order, they want to get money much faster. Right. They want to have liquidity much faster to pay for their raw materials or downstream suppliers. So we're able to kind of enable that much faster without, well, I still like the traditional rails, though, because we work with a lot of traditional rails. But this is an alternative to kind of move the money faster, right? You're able to on-ramp and off-ramp these monies much more efficiently in even like smaller villages where they may not have an ATM, right? I can stick it on a card, I can stick it into a wallet, and from there you can spend it. So it's all about the ease of access to liquidity or access to money that we should be talking about rather than what the technology is. Because the underlying tech doesn't really matter. Right. It's about what do you solve with it. Yeah. Well, I guess on that point, Sandy, I'm going to ask you, you know, Web3 is really solving a problem for each one of your businesses. And it's not about just Web3. It's not about just experimentation. It's about solving a core business problem that you've had for a long time. Yeah. Why do you think more brands aren't looking at Web3 as a solution to similar problems that we're discussing on stage today? I think it's a really difficult thing to do. And I believe you guys might have touched on it as well, that for someone that's established, it takes a lot to bring people on board and to get people to that point to even want to convert to begin with. And I really do think that that's where that hurdle kind of lies in, especially for us that have been established brands. We're not necessarily coming from a tech background. You know, I'm coming from apparel, like I'm making T-shirts and hoodies sometimes, you know, what business do I have going into tech? But it's really a lot that you have to learn in order to get into that forefront. But I do think it is really important work. You know, like you mentioned, it's not about the time that we have of it being in our benefit anymore. You know, it's happening now and it's something that's going to continue to come into the world. So I do think it's worth getting into. I think that's a good point. It's not about going into tech. It's about leveraging the tech for your business. Right. And that can happen across any industry. Popeye, I'd love to hear your thoughts there. Why do you think more brands, more alcohol brands aren't doing the same thing to combat the same problem? Well, good question. I think when it comes to luxury goods, say bag or watch, I mean, that's not something you consume. It's okay to have a fake product. But then the product we provide, this is something people taste. So it relates to the consumption, your health, your body. So that's why our industry of food and beverage doesn't have to be alcohol. The drinks has to be safe. How can we guarantee that one? And how can I trust this brand? That's something we need to solve. So, you know, fake product, people enjoy it. And, you know, later on, they tasted something different. We lose the brand, the brand trust, trust from the end user. So particularly in this industry, we got to be really careful. It's not just the luxury goods. This is something human beings consume. So that's something I keep telling my teammates to be mindful. Yeah. I want to keep talking about trust, authenticity, and due diligence. Because when you have an established brand, you have a loyal customer, you don't want to lose that customer's trust, right? And that's something who I think anyone who's looking to partner with a Web3 company needs to consider. Ashok, let's start with you. What kind of due diligence are you doing when you're looking at what Web3 partners to work with? Let's start there. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, I mean, obviously, MasterCard is a well-known brand. So it's really important for us to kind of maintain that brand loyalty and the brand presence. So, you know, we are really careful about the type of companies we work with. We want to make sure that they maintain the same standards about customer protection and safety that we do, right? Because we are like a financial services company. We're serving so many customers, and they trust us to actually make things happen. So, as a result, we only want to work with companies which have the same kind of level of governance internally. And also, they want to kind of maintain that quality, right? Now, just to carry on with what Popeye was saying, you know, we did a project a couple of years ago. We exported, not us, but the company exported avocados from Australia, right? And similar concept, NFT label. The person who was actually consuming the avocados knew exactly where they came from. So I think the key element now is that there's so much more data available, and people really want to know where their food comes from or where their clothing comes from. Because they feel a sense of attachment to what they're wearing or what they're consuming. And we're able to kind of provide that data. I know I kind of went off on a tangent, but I wanted to get the point in is that including trust is also about what kind of data we can actually get to kind of make us feel good about what we're doing. And similarly, help the areas that we're interested in. So if we're interested in a certain thing, we can actually support it much easier now than we could in the past. Sandy, how are you ensuring that the ecosystems you decide to operate in when it comes to Web3 are the right ones for your customer? What kind of due diligence checks and balances did you do? So from my background, a lot of the customers that we have in there, like I mentioned before, aren't necessarily keen to tech and have not done too much, I guess, acknowledgement to be familiarized with the product. So whenever we're going into Web3, whenever we're going into blockchain, we have to make sure that it's one very easy to operate, that it's easy to digest and that it's easy to use. And that's the work that's really important for us. For example, the project that we worked with at Atom Bomb Squad, we partnered with OpenSea to do that. And they were really great partners for us. They made sure to almost handheld with all of our customers to bring them from point A to point B. And that's important work, you know, being able to understand something like blockchain that's very heavy on terminology. And it can be a little bit frightening for people to even want to get to the point where they're interested in learning. So that part is one that we focused on for our audience. I guess I'll ask the whole panel, how do you ensure that the partner you're choosing has a good reputation? Like, how do you take that extra step? Well, that's a good question. I think I've been in the tech industry, internet industry back in since 1997. So I use my networks, definitely. And then I think I need to meet some of the key executives, the founders and C-level suites. And based on that interaction, I make a decision. So I still have to trust my gut feeling. And is this the person I can trust on? And of course, I talk to some of my friends and network and get the reference. So it's a very old way to do it. But I think that's very efficient way to do it. So no companies with anonymous C-suites. Not really. No for me. No NFT executives. Well, I mean, like, you know, I think for us, it's not about like, it's not a one and done, right? Like the industry is changing very, you know, very rapidly. So we've got to constantly evaluate. Like somebody who wasn't a, had a bad reputation could better have improved their reputation now. Or somebody had a good reputation, they could no longer have one. So for us, it's all about constantly evaluating, constantly look at them and see that their product strategy and what they're really trying to, what they really stand for is aligned with what we stand for. And people change, right? And we have to kind of make, make kind of conditions to say, okay, if you're changing, let's help you get to the right spot. So that way you can work with us. All right. We have exactly one minute left. Okay. And I want to do a power round. I'm taking up time. I'm so sorry. Papa, I'm going to start with you. If you had to name one brand that's incorporating Web3 really well, which brand would you name? Oh, wow. That's a tough one. I would still say the luxury brand like Airbnb H, they're very aggressive and explore the new things. So, and I'm learning from them as well. So that's a company I name. Yeah. Ashok? It's a tough one, right? I mean, obviously we are. So, I mean, I think. I didn't set the rule not to think about happening. No, but I think there's so many, right? I see from the banking side, a lot of the traditional banks that you wouldn't even think about are getting into the space and offering interesting services to their customers. I can't name one or the other, but I feel that as an industry as a whole, that the banking insurance areas are probably the least to change. And they're jumping in and doing things in the space that they wouldn't normally do. I am really actually surprised by the institutions and banking sector. Yeah. Yeah. We've talked to so many. I mean, I think Franklin Templeton is doing some really, I call them the DGens of the institution. But I can't name names. I know. I'll name one for you. Okay. Sandy, what brand are you watching that you think is really incorporating Web3? You know, that's a really tough question to answer. I am going to say probably Walmart because Walmart doesn't necessarily have a Web3 factor within their own business, but they're doing a good job of bringing Web3 companies into their spaces and into their real life stores, which I think it's really important because it expands a whole new audience that might not have been as receptive to Web3 or open to Web3, but they have the physical product there and it opens new doors. I think it's really honorable work and important work. Sandy, I'm surprised you wouldn't pick us or Suntory. I know. You really had an opportunity to promote each other. You guys were always my number one. And you didn't take it. Okay. I changed my answer. Sandy, Ashok, Popeye, thank you so much for joining me on the stage and thank you all for listening. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.