 Hello, hello. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining me today, even though it is at lunch hour. My name is Caroline York, and today we're going to talk a little bit about how East and West projects achieve global product market fit across all the different regions. So first off, if we can just get through our slides, things you need to know about me and why you should even bother listening to me. I think that's the long and short of it, right? What gives me the qualifications to actually talk to you guys about marketing? Well, I do work for the premier marketing agency here in Web3 called Serotonin, and I'm the APAC director, so lovely to meet you all. Secondly, I have been within Web3 and blockchain for a little bit. I'm one of the co-chairs of the FinTech Association. Here's our general manager, Raf. So if you want to learn more about the FinTech Association as well, feel free to do so. We're super connectors. Thirdly, my experience of marketing ranges literally from web to retail marketing to legal all the way to FinTech, agency, in-house, you name it. So there's a lot of applicable parts that we can actually put within your projects. Finally, I've been told I'm a great entertainer and a great storyteller. All right? Cool. So let's go into this. What does it mean to find success or product market fit? Let's look at some beautiful graphs, and we have to thank Galaxy Digital Research for this. Do you see this? This is actually from 2016 all the way up to 2024. We're talking about all the different types of VC money that's been invested into this space. See the peaks right here? 2022, first quarter. All together, I think we've got around about $150 billion worth of VC money put into this space. Now, how many does that mean in terms of projects that's been invested in? And just now, like, if we had to go back, I'd show you the early stages, later stages, but it doesn't really matter at this point. Because all together in the space, eh, we got the number around about 20,000 different projects that have been launched. This is the official number. There's probably projects you've never heard of who have been launched in the market in some very, very obscure corner in the world as well. But let's talk about how many of them successfully find product market fit, which is to survive, by the way. The mortality rate of projects is around about 72%. If we talk about meme coins, that goes up substantially a lot more. We were joking around that probably around about 98% of meme coins die within a certain time frame. AKA last bull run, 72% of most projects did die off. The bull run before that and the bear ran about 62%. So product market fit is actually really hard to maintain. Most companies don't even last through the three years. So what does this actually mean? Product market fit is not easy. And it is also a not one-size-fit-all situation. And why is this relevant for us today in Asia? Because most of our clients come in and go, we need to expand into APAC. That's it. So guys, it's a whole region with like so many different cultures, right? So if you're a project coming to us and going like, I need to expand into APAC, please come to me with your objectives first because I can go into the detail of how each different region is quite different. APAC is definitely not a monolith. You can't just take your strategy and reapply it. Japan and Korea are different. China is different. There's so many different nuances. Even political regimes are different, right? And how you navigate the regulatory landscape is different. So don't think of this as we have an APAC strategy. That's one strategy. All right. Let's talk about Hong Kong first. We love Hong Kong. We're here at Hong Kong. Give it up for Consensus Hong Kong. Whoop, whoop. All right. Okay, cool. So what do people come here to do? Generally, capital market. I was just talking to my great friends over there at Polkadot. We're just like, do you need more funding? No. Do you need brand awareness? Maybe. But why are you in Hong Kong? Well, it's a great capital market just to show our faces around. All right. So money is made here in Hong Kong. Developers, not so much. Singapore, another wonderful. In fact, we always go head to head with Singapore. All right. Like regulatory regime. Who's going to be the APAC digital asset hub? All right. Well, I'm bullish on Hong Kong, but Singapore is also pretty important. Then you get Thailand, which they're actually opening up certain types of market. They're coming out with new regulations. This is going to be interesting for a lot of the projects coming into the space, trying to get licensed as well. These are some of the markets. Malaysia, you have a whole little island called Labuan, right, that you can actually now get licensed digital assets. Again, interesting market. Completely different demographic. When you say, I want ticket sizes, the amount that you get here in Hong Kong for a VC, very different from what you might actually get here in Malaysia. Korea. They're actually really tight in regulations. There's not a lot of centralized exchanges. In fact, most people want to go undercover when you're in Korea. There are a lot of traders, though. So when people come into here, they're really looking into the trading markets. And so is Japan. Even more insular. If you don't speak Japanese, you don't speak Korean, pretty much you're not going to get much alpha there. And then we have Indonesia, which is a vast, vast market. But what are the ticket sizes there? I would say don't expect the $101,000 ticket sizes you're going to get there. Probably $10 US. So yeah, the strategy is going to change again. So guys, we are not a monolith. We are very different people. Vietnam. Ooh, this is an interesting one. We've had clients here who basically tell us, you know, there's great users there. Lots of people trading, trying to get alpha. But we really don't want to showcase our name. Just in case, you know. Just in case. We just don't want to be in the press so much. So that's a different strategy you guys are going to have to go tap into. Mainline China. Yeah. They love blockchain. They just don't like you trading as much in it. All right? So technology is fine. Trading, different matter. Again, the narratives you're going to go into it, very, very different. Okay. So what does that mean? We go from global to localization. Oh, I know. This is such an awful term, but it's kind of true. Yeah. And so let me give you some of the strategies. By the way, they have kind of made me put all this information, which serotonin usually does for a client in one month's time, into a 10-minute presentation. So I'm hoping you guys get as much alpha as possible within this presentation. All right? First off, we love localized flavors. Plenty of you guys came to Hong Kong, and you want dim sum, right? So you need to understand exactly what appeals to your audience locally and what they care about. Let's talk about making your project relevant. Let's talk about how they align with certain messages playing up to the regulatory regime here. And also, what are some of the local stories that other places won't care about? Going to give you some solid examples. This is not a plug. But here we go, right? First off, what is the story here? We're expanding into APAC. Why do the media care about this? Because we're talking about a giant growth market, right? People like hearing this story. We're not actually going to be like, we're expanding to the US. It's a giant growth market. That's not the narrative that's going on. But as you can see here, we recognize that strong local communities and networks are absolutely essential, and you guys should too. Then let's talk about regional kind of regulatory play, right? Malaysia to crypto exchanges. Get licensed or get out. That's pretty clear, right? Can you plug yourself into this narrative? Are you an exchange, right? Are you some DeFi projects? How are we going to put that in here? Because if you're like a DEX, you're probably not going to have these kind of debt, like, you're probably not going to go through mainstream media. Here. Who cares about WeChat pay? Most of the guys in the US probably don't have WeChat unless you have China clients. But within the narrative here, when you talk to Hong Kong people or Chinese people, yeah, WeChat pay is a big deal. Just like Gojek and Grab are a big deal in Indonesia, Thailand, right? So look at that. Look at the framing of this. Tan's quest to be the WeChat pay of Web3. You would never use this in a US audience, all right? Because they don't understand what a WeChat pay is. And finally, look, we have some really exciting news based on Japanese markets. So that's like a social piece, right? We're showing you total Japanese entertainment market. These are numbers that will excite media, excite the people who are watching, viewing, you know, local markets as well. This is exactly the kind of news messages that we want to get ourselves into. And in terms of that, again, not a monolithic part for regions, not a monolithic part for storytelling. Each of these parts, and we talk about the Web3 flywheel being a very organic community. We have builders, we have investors, and then we have users. It's holistic. They should feed into one another. Eventually, you won't even need a marketer like me because they should just function fully in a Web3 world cohesively. But at the same time, builder stories, they want to know about the tech. They really want to talk about the tech. You're going to talk about tech to the users. Like, let's say, go into Indonesia where there's a bunch of consumer apps. We're talking to CoinFest. They don't really care about the tech underneath it. They just want to know, how do I get my A? How do I get my B? You never tell. And by the way, for guys here, it's called the octopus card. You don't care how that money goes from your octopus. You just want to get on the bus and the MTR, all right? So different stories for different crowds, different activities for different people, investors. They're going to like to rub shoulders with other investors and family offers and get alpha that way, but probably not attend, I don't know, like the freebie t-shirt zone. Very possible. They have enough t-shirts. All right. Let's talk about regional communities then. How do we, what kind of tactics do we use? Regional chapters. I know these seem like really, really intuitive, but people forget about this for some reason. It's almost like, you know, you learn something from high school and you never bring it back into real life usage. Social channels as well. In APAC, we have very, very different social channels. Line, for example. WhatsApp. I know the US people are like, ew, you use WhatsApp. We just use the iPhone messaging. We have WeChat and a lot of Telegram subchannels that are in languages you will never understand. All right. And I don't think AI is at that stage where you can translate all the chats yet. And then localized content. You're going to, again, push out content that is in the language that they're supposed to be. So let's put this into play. I'm going to use SheFi as an example. Amazing community all the world around. All right. 50,000. I screen capped this. That's why there's timestamps. But look. They have Taiwan meetups. They have UAE. This is how you get the local community together. Because essentially, yes, we're Web3. But hey, we're physically present. All right. We still want to hang out together. Talk to one another. We're social creatures. And then social channels. Even OpenSea has a WeChat account. And it's in Chinese. Isn't that nuts? Yeah. This is the kind of strategy you need when you actually come into APAC. If you're online, you're probably going to have this in Japanese and Thai as well. Coinpost. Learn the local media. You're going to get translated into this. Who's going to read this for you? You're hoping a local team is actually proofreading this for you, by the way. Because, you know, otherwise, who knows what you're saying to the rest of the world? And then here. I think this was great. Story Protocol. They had such a great real-life event. Three-hour wait outside at I think it was Guangzhou? No, Shenzhen. Yeah. Like, this is the kind of community building that you want to see. And these are the strong builders that you want as well. All right. So that was the direction of, you know, if you're from a Western world coming into Asia. Let's flip it around. How do we go from local to global? Honestly, this is also what we do really, really well. Narratives with global appeal. Right? A lot of times we talk to journalists. They're not going to care about what happened in a small, small part in a small, small country. You think it's big news. They don't think it's big news because they have bigger fish to fry. So what is innovation that moves the needle? What is a unique selling point that makes you stand out from the rest? At CERO, we call it your knife's edge proposition. Right? You got to hone it so that once you reach a journalist, once you reach some external people, they know it within that one sentence. And you got to make it sharp. Refine it. Secondly, we always talk about the hero's journey. There's a narrative. Everybody likes storytelling. All right? So what is this? What is the problem? We love founder stories. In fact, if you look at most of the Twitter accounts that you generally like and follow, they're people. They're not necessarily companies. And if they're companies, they're companies with very compelling voices. And then what's relevant in the crypto community? Right? Let's talk about this. Why does this matter? Tokenized Spatial Streaming Network. Something we've never really heard of. All right? That's a news piece. All right? We're taking a new angle. Who comes out with tokenized spatial streaming network? Well, it's not even me. Right? Then you might actually click into that story and read about it. All right. Another example. These guys are great. We did a fantastic job for them. But Huddle 01, they came from India. And they said they're going to topple Zoom. Right? Outdo Zoom. Isn't that title so compelling? And you get two kids working in the back end. Having a narrative that is locally based that can be expanded. Right? They were from India. They have network issues that none of the modern day tech can actually help them out with. Or the existing companies. Because they actually needed faster latency. Oh, sorry. Lower latency. Faster internet speed. How are you going to do that when you're in the farmlands? They were able to solve for it. That was the storyline we went for. Then we go here. Asia. Asia is always a great story. Every time you hear in a newspaper read, you go on Wall Street Journal, Asia. Or China. All right? There's a general, bigger, regional story that's brewing here. And people love to know more about it. Because they think they want to, you know, I want to be so in the know. I want to know exactly about what's happening in the global landscape. So these things will definitely catch the attention of the global audience. Finally, inserting yourself. We call it trendjacking. Trendjacking for, let's say, what happens now? That Coinbase, somebody's clamping down on them. Insert your voice in it. We think that this is what you should do. All right? Or in our standpoint, I think we can provide expertise that way. And this is how we're going to succeed. Trendjacking is one of the most useful ways of inserting yourself in bigger stories that otherwise you wouldn't be part of. And then there's a part. Once you find the narrative, what we notice with startup world and crypto that moves so fast is we try to pivot. Don't pivot quite yet. You've got to just iterate. You've got to keep honing in on the same messages. I know this actually sounds really, really repetitive. But that's the thing. Your memory doesn't actually hold that much things. Or actually, it should be holding so many things, it can't remember that much. Right? It's a fragmentation. So I just have to keep telling you, Caroline, I used to have red hair. Red hair, Caroline. Red hair, Caroline. Red hair, Caroline. Doesn't matter. Right? Wherever I go. That's the key message. So next time you're like, I want to find Caroline, she's the one with the red hair. All right? That's all you really need to do. Iterate it. Replicate success. And then if it doesn't work, test. You've got to be fast. You've got to be adaptive. And you've got to be mobile. Right? And I think that's the great thing about the crypto community. We are very, very fast and adaptive. All right. We are nearing the end of my presentation. Ten minutes. What does it mean to find, then, success or product market fit? First off, this is a very common problem. Don't find customers for your product. Don't just build a product and hope that customers come through. I think this is a pain point for a lot of people, right? The idea was great, but you totally didn't test it. How are you going to find product market fit? This is actually from one of the great marketers of all time. Web 2, Web 3, still applicable. Find products that your customers actually care about, right? So adoption then comes from the right product. We like to say we make the possible happen. If your product is impossible, no matter how much marketing spend you're going to put on it, it's probably not going to take off. I'll be very honest. Second thing, the right narrative. Storytelling is the essence of being human. Find the right stories to attract the right crowd. Third one, now you know who the right audience is, the right crowd, the right narratives. You've got to find the right channels to get to them. And these days, it's all through social media. It's online. It's offline. It's in real life events. It's everywhere that you as a physical human will be going to. Don't forget, ultimately, we're marketing to individuals or corporates who are still made of humans. I just want to flex a little bit. But we've helped over 200 projects find that product market fit. And if they said, oh, my gosh, but they are no longer here. What we've given them is really, really valuable test results of why you should pivot and do something else. So thank you very much for your time, everyone. Feel free to connect. Here are all of our socials. We also are hiring as well. If you want to learn more about marketing, you know where to find me. I'm now Caroline in the green coat. Thank you. Thank you.