 Hi everybody, how you doing? Good? All right, yes, excellent. Signs of life. Thank you. Okay, so we're going to talk about everybody's favorite topic, how to pester sovereign wealth funds for money. And I strongly encourage right after this session, just swarm these guys. They love it. Just go right after them. Okay, so thank you so much both for coming. My dear friends, really appreciate it. So what I love about this panel now is we have representation of how sovereign wealth funds are adapting to ensure that they stay in the center of deal flow for high-tech innovation. And we've got two very different ways of approaching it. So Mohamed Hamdi has done this through an external vehicle, which he'll explain in a moment. And my dear friend Hamoud has done this internally within the Omani Investment Authority. But both are great examples of the types of structures and people that sovereign wealth funds are now engaging with and hiring to make sure that they stay in the center of strong deal flow. So let's start with Hamdi. So really quick, let's talk about the structure you were able to set up with ADQ and how you act as that arm for tech innovation and crypto especially. Thanks for having me. So the structure is a very simple GP LP structure. We have a sovereign that's an LP in our fund. And this allows us to actually have full discretion as managers to be able to act on behalf of the LPs, including our sovereign, in investing and also a very specific operating model where we actually venture build from within our studio as well. The progression of us coming to a legal structure like that started off when we were executing on behalf of a sovereign entity from within the institution in building specific projects for them where they quickly realized that there was a lot of red tape. And it actually was very, very interesting for us to maintain nimbleness and be able to actually move quick in decision-making and in recruiting talent and being able to compensate talent for some of the builds that we were actually executing. So it was a very quick opportunity for us to convince our stakeholders and LP that a GP LP structure would make the most sense for us. Got it. When did you set that up? So we got licensed in September 2022. Okay. Yeah. We'll talk in a second. I have a thesis that post-COVID, it was a bit of an awakening for lots of the sovereign wealth funds in terms of their desire to get out more and recognize the value of sourcing deal flow external to the region. But we'll talk about that in a second. So, Hamoud. So, internally, you work in the technology department. You work in private markets. You're VC. You have a background in deal sourcing. So, kind of talk through how your role developed and how you work in that way at the OIA. Sure. So, there was a first VC-focused fund that was established in Oman. This was an international-focused fund called IBM Investments. This came to play by a partnership between Oman Investment Authority and Oman Oil at that time. They were the main energy and oil stakeholders, essentially, and OmanTel. So, it was about $130 billion, up paid capital, and we were instructed to deploy this capital internationally into technologically innovative companies and, essentially, growth-stage companies that can have some form of value. The technology or service can have some form of value to the Middle East and can cater to our service and challenges, to the challenges that we have in the Middle East, and this can be quite wide. It can be food security, cyber security, water, monitoring surveillance, etc. So, yeah, we've been running this VC arm since 2017, and we've also been focusing on doing direct investments for OIA. That would be higher-ticket investments with quite a strong strategic local angle as well. So, we've done deals like XAI, SpaceX, and Crusoe, which is a digital flare mitigation technology that uses flare gas for crypto mining and intensive computing. So, how do you ensure that you don't have an adverse selection? Look, obviously, the OIA is a very, very respected investor, and everyone I know who's looking to raise capital, it's on their short list of firms like to target. But, obviously, it's challenging as a startup to fly from Silicon Valley all the way out to Oman to have that and build and engage, because this isn't just one meeting, right? You have to invest time and energy. So, they're stranded to some degree in these centers of excellence, whether it's Tokyo, London, New York, Silicon Valley. How do you ensure that you're accessing strong deal flow? Because cyber wealth funds are not generally known for externalizing their offerings, right? It's unusual to see you speak at conferences like this. This is a relatively recent post-COVID thing. So, how do you ensure that you don't have an adverse selection problem in deal sourcing? Yeah, I mean, I think, like, funds like OIA, I mean, we've been committed to top quartile funds worldwide, VCPE, so we try to, we're in quite a good relationship with them and try to get co-investment rights and whatnot. So, we try to get, you know, the best that we can out of these relationships. So, they tend to send us the best deals that they have and, you know, not the, you know, not the bad, not the bad deals. Of course, we did also invest quite a lot of time into, into visits and trying to kind of get some market insight into specific sectors, try to see what companies are doing, what the most innovative companies are doing in each sector. So, in our team, we have specific sector champions, essentially, that talk to the experts until they become the experts and they would essentially know the top companies in the space, know the smart money that's chasing good companies in the space and whatnot. Yep. But, yeah, I think we leverage a lot of the, this, these top quartile GP relationships. So, we've gotten quite good, many good deals from them as well. So, Hamdi, you were one of the first specialty vehicles, sovereign-backed specialty vehicles focused, I mean, not exclusively, but predominantly on crypto. Yeah. And that made a big splash. So, talk me through, like, you know, and we heard recently, last week it became public, Mombadla has over $400 million of Bitcoin ETF exposure. So, where are we in the cycle of sovereign wealth funds embracing this particular innovation? Yeah. So, I just wanted to just touch on a specific point on governments and what they are potentially doing today. I think what's very important for an ecosystem is to actually not just fund grassroots initiatives like accelerators and startups directly. I think managers with different perspectives are also important to have capital to be able to deploy. I think that's very, very important. The ecosystem just doesn't need talent and startups. The ecosystem also needs different operators and investors to have different perspectives on what they should invest in. That's extremely important. And I mention that because there has been an understanding that emerging managers are very, very important and it is up to sometimes sovereign wealth funds to actually anchor these emerging managers and help support them in their first fund. So, that's a very important thesis that helped us actually raise capital. To your question around why our sovereign has invested and where our sovereign is going with the whole theme around digital assets and crypto, we had a very specific thesis where we felt that there's a convergence between financial services and digital assets. We felt that this was a thesis that we can actually narrate to our LPs that this is the future of finance and this is definitely a domain that they needed exposure in. So, it was them actually taking a bet on us, taking a bet on the fact that we are fund managers first and foremost. So, there's governance, there's compliance. We are investors before we are digital asset supporters or champions or crypto supporters and champions. This is also another opportunity for people to actually show professionalism in being a fund manager in this domain, which sometimes can lack, especially previously more so than today. I couldn't agree more. I'll put a final point on what you said. One of the reasons I think we need sovereign wealth funds and large asset owners is their duration and their temperance for volatility is decidedly different from allocators that have to mark to market on a quarterly or annual basis. And that's extremely important where you're investing in inherently volatile asset classes or early stage asset classes, right? We've got to have folks who are patient, large capital to incubate these businesses. So, Hamoud, I know that OIA doesn't currently invest directly in crypto, although you mentioned indirectly through Flaregas, Bitcoin mining. So, more general questions. So, you're on the VC side. You're on the emerging technology side. If you start to see interest in an innovative tech, so whether it's artificial intelligence, cryptocurrency, whatever it is, what is the process? How do you start to shift that huge battleship of OIA around to get interested in that technology? What can we do as market participants, as innovators, as operators, as experts to provide the information or the market infrastructure so that an OIA could eventually make a decision to allocate even a minority position to a new technology? Yeah, I think we... Well, the first step of the process for us, it's, yes, we do look for financial return, but also local strategic impact. So, I mean, you essentially need to outline quite a challenge that's quite prevalent in the country where it gets to, for example, water desalination or whatever it is. Like, we have to desaline seawater. It's a very expensive process. So, it's quite, you know, it's a very precious commodity. So, you try to... I mean, the way that we would go with this, have a top... I mean, the way that I would do it is have a top-down approach. So, try to see what kind of challenges are most prevalent in the country. For example, it gets to, let's say, we need some form of ICS cybersecurity solution and for oil and gas stakeholders and for critical infrastructure. I would try to see the best companies in this space, essentially, and try to talk to the main investors in this space and try to see what everybody's doing, try to essentially get, you know, get to the conclusion what the best company in this space is. Yeah, I mean, of course, they're, like, a tough challenge, to the sector, you need to kind of showcase that this company has, you know, in the Middle East, generally, we tend to be a bit risk-averse. So, these companies have to have some form of de-riskification. So, revenue generation, customer attraction and whatnot, technology milestones, for example, if you're in a biotech or healthcare. So, yeah, I think founders maybe can try to better outline how they can solve certain challenges that we have in the Middle East so that we're not just financial investors but strategic partners for them and we can work on a common commercialization framework for them to enter Oman in the GCC market. Does it, does it, so, okay, so, just to paraphrase, so, understand what goals the OIA has for the region, try to tie the technical innovation into the solving of those problems, those issues. Does it necessarily require opening up an office in Oman, for example, or having boots on the ground? Or is that necessary for investment? No, I mean, we don't have, like, we don't have any other offices other than Oman. We do have some JVs with other countries like Vietnam, Uzbekistan, India, etc. And we have a lot of good GP relationships. So, for now, I don't think there is any need for us to have any boots on the ground physically. I meant for companies looking to get investment from you. Oh, I see. Do they have to set up offices in Oman? Gotcha. No, of course, that's not necessarily the case. I mean, the more, of course, the more hardcore the strategic impact, the better it would be. The better, like, if it's a bigger challenge to solve when it gets to, for example, protecting, you know, sensitive infrastructure, that would be great. If it can contribute to the GDP, that would be great. Developing local talent, that would be great as well. Of course, it's, you know, it's a bit subjective. We don't really have a very, you know, very, you know, quantitative way of kind of measuring the impact, but we try to kind of analyze how this company or this technology would impact Oman on several fronts when it gets to the technology, the GDP, and just the general ecosystem. Hamdi, how do you source deals? Yeah, so, the way we source is we have different inbound dynamics. We have a partnership within the fund, and a lot of our partners are actually in the game of hunting. So, to avoid adverse selection, a lot of the times we actually form a very strong opinion and a thesis that we review every quarter and we actually go and hunt out for specific ideas led by founders that are executing and we found this to be the best way to avoid adverse selection but also invest and stick to our thesis across the fund. We also have a lot of collateral, content collateral and copy that we use online that helps as well. So, sometimes we get inbound from a funnel but the reality is a lot of the times the fund is very much focused on empowering the partnership, the people, the partners to be able to go out and actually hunt for very specific ideas and ultimately our game is to convince founders that we are the right type of capital to support their idea. And you and I spoke separately, same question for you but you and I spoke separately earlier about one of the mistakes that managers and startups make is if they're not in that short term agenda and they meet with you, they give up, they disappear, they go away and not investing in that relationship over time because that agenda might change in 18 months or two years and then if they're starting from scratch at that point, they're behind the eight ball and maybe they won't hit that window. So, being committed to that, it doesn't necessarily mean they have to fly to the UAE 10 times a year but being committed to offering you information during periods where you have said to them that you're not on my agenda right now, we're not making a short term investment is very important. Yeah, so, you know, unfortunately, well, the dynamic of investing in crypto and digital assets has broadened this dynamic of time as a factor in actually making an investment specifically in the underlying asset of tokens. So, time has been a huge factor here and I get that. I think we are mostly focused on being equity investors so we're not too sensitive around time as much as entrepreneurs raising on the back of a token. So, I understand the urgency of time but the reality is sometimes investors take time to build conviction to get to know the entrepreneur to see the opportunity and that is not a, time is not something that we can afford when it comes to a token based investment. So, I empathize with entrepreneurs that are very strict with time but the reality is our dynamic being purely an equity investor for the most part it takes sometimes conviction to be built within our partnership. Yeah, I mean, don't ever raise, don't ever try to raise money desperate. That's just, that's the worst, that's the worst thing in the world. Okay, Hamoud, same question. How do you like to source and how can entrepreneurs and startups who want to get on your radar, what's the right way for them to get your attention? Yeah, I think committing time and developing the relationship, being hands-on and delivering on promises, not over-promising at the beginning when it gets to implementation, you know, when it gets to corporate and wide execution and also execution of the strategic GCC angle that we have agreed on. So yeah, just, I guess, being sincere and committing to the relationship, not disappearing right under the fundraise, because that would eventually, essentially, impact them also in the long run. like in OIA, we have had some circumstances where we've committed to the company at the beginning and we've committed to do so over the years just because we were very impressed with the execution of the team and the interaction and the implementation, you know, the execution was just as agreed. so they essentially definitely have benefit because we were just definitely, like, what time we were re-plowing capital but with companies that, with founders that just disappear essentially and don't commit to a certain strategic local angle that they said they would commit to, then, you know, it's, I mean, we likely won't reinvest with that, with those, with those kind of founders because for us, yes, we do like financial return but at the same time we do look for developing strong partnerships and for delivering impact in the Middle East. Yeah, and we were discussing offline as well this idea that if you're speaking to one sovereign wealth fund understand there's an informal network, referral network with internal so you're speaking to all of them and just make sure that you, again, even if the investment doesn't work out, you're big boys, you said to me, like, you're a venture portfolio expert, like, you understand they're going to be losers in every portfolio but there's a right way and a wrong way to lose value and if you do it the wrong way, rest assured that entire network of sovereigns will probably hear of that, right? Absolutely. Yeah, I mean, I think it's a small world and, you know, you know, word of mouth definitely plays a part so, at the Middle East, like, we interact with each other quite, quite, quite frequently and, yeah, we do, and of course, quite frequently with our partners in Europe and the US so, I mean, I mean, essentially, yeah, I mean, we'd essentially have some more insight than founders or some people in the US or Europe would think that we have. file. Hamdi, do you see sovereign interest in crypto growing? In crypto? In growing. Do you see this being sort of a dipping a toe in the water for a decade or do you see acceleration over the next, you know, 12 to 18 months? So, I think the way sovereigns probably look at digital assets in the domain of digital assets including crypto is that what has worked at least in our region is that we've always tried to create marketplaces that dominate specific industries and you've seen that for example with Dubai. Dubai created a massive logistics hub and, you know, they built the jurisdictions that reflected to support that industry, they built the infrastructure for that. So, I think what sovereigns would potentially be thinking about is how do they become the next digital asset hub that attracts talent, that brings favorable regulatory requirements and standards and by doing that they end up carving an edge as a country and an economic power. So, they're seeing digital assets as a new domain that they can actually build within their countries and we've seen that with the UAE for example, we had an arbitrage opportunity in 2022 as a fund to avoid adverse selection. We wanted to take advantage of our regulatory favorable jurisdiction to be able to attract some of the talent, invest in them and have them actually operate within regulatory frameworks that were actually set already within the UAE. So, I would assume that a lot of sovereign wealth funds look into investing in new marketplaces and new domains and industries to help them carve an edge within their region. Right. I mean, the way you and I met indirectly was your government invited me out to speak to the Treasury Department about the impact of cryptocurrency on nation-state balance sheets. That was how I met your, that's how we got introduced. So, I know that currently the OIA doesn't invest directly in crypto but I do think it's possible, what I'm hearing more and more of folks looking to see blockchain solutions for improving capital market efficiencies. So, you know, we've had a stock market that for whatever reason liquidity is not as robust as we want it to be. Maybe we can leapfrog technology the way we went from fiber optic lines to satellite and we leapfrog and use tokenization to improve liquidity and it's more sort of financial market infrastructure play as opposed to a direct cryptocurrency investment. I know that this isn't your focus but is that a potential angle you think in Oman? I think real world applications essentially blockchain solutions for real world applications this can be for example supply chain management warehouse management fried forwarding essentially. I'm not sure like maybe our central bank would like to do digital tokenization of our currency I'm not sure so these things definitely can come into play but I would assume the lowest hanging fruit is essentially solutions that can have real world applications and just an impact today can transform these truths today. real world use cases. Okay last comment Omdi what's the one thing you want to leave the audience with? I think you know we're still extremely early in our space there's a lot of room to be able to deploy capital in this space there's a lot of opportunity for operators to deploy capital in this space I obviously have a biased opinion here being an investor on this stage I'd like to see a lot more operators deploy capital and invest in this space in order to execute on the real use cases Hamoud last comment just about like how founders can what's a mistake they make trying to get to you what do they do right? Yeah I think try to invest more time to the relationship be a bit more sincere and just essentially commit to the relationship essentially commit to the partnership thank you so much thanks gentlemen thank you everyone thank you so much thank you so much thank you so much Thank you.