 Let's start because we are the kickoff panel for this day. So thank you very much, panelists. You can see our names and titles, so we won't go through the bios. We want to save all the time for the discussion. And I like the fact that we are talking about trust because this is a very fundamental point as we embark into this journey with AI. As everyone knows, it's just two years after ChatGPT burst on the scene, and already we are at that intersection. And I think that as we think about it and talk about it, I want to pull off from the panelists, whether we are in either a marvelous time or is it a malignant time. It's probably a little bit of both. And some of the things that we'll talk about touch on privacy, data, what rights users have, how companies are navigating all these treacherous areas. For those of you who are in Hong Kong and who read the news here, Hong Kong has not been a stranger, unfortunately, to identity situations where there's fraud. And just to give an example, a few weeks ago, the South China Morning Post, which is the flagship newspaper of the city, and for which I work, talked about how in just one week, fraudsters using identity scamming scammed Hong Kongers out of more than 25.7 million U.S. dollars. And AI was used in part of that. In just one of the cases, a victim was transferred 145 million Hong Kong dollars. He thought he was dealing with a cryptocurrency mining company. So this is how bad it can be and how real some of these stats are. I'd like to take a little bit of a poll, just very quickly. And I'm wondering by a show of hands, how many of you are using AI regularly in your personal or in your work lives? I would expect, I guess, from a session like this, there'll be many. Thank you very much. And if we go by gradations from very comfortable to very uncomfortable and sort of in between, how many are feeling very comfortable about what you're inputting into whatever AI platform you're using? Is anyone very comfortable? Hey, I'm glad there are a few, right? Somewhat comfortable? Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Very uncomfortable. I guess if you were very uncomfortable, you wouldn't even be a user, right? I guess so. That goes without saying. Now, I want to bring on the panel. And I'd like to start with, if you could tell us, maybe set the stage. Tell us, you know, what variants you work with in the broad world of AI, which is getting even bigger every day in your work. What trust means to you? I mean, why are we talking about this? Why is it a big deal? And what solutions are you working on to build that trust? As Gary likes to say, the trust bridge, building the trust bridge. And I wondered if I could start with Evan. So first of all, I want to thank our gracious hosts here at ConsenSys and thank all of you for getting out of bed this morning to join us for this discussion. When I think about the opportunity space you've mentioned with the nexus of AI and especially on-chain technologies, at ProvadoID, we see a crisis of accountability. Accountability meaning the consequences or outcomes that relate to our understanding of trust. Accountability requires identity. And so that is why we have pioneered an identity system that enables not only the identification of unique human beings without proprietary hardware, enabling the addition of data such as their KYC status, age, or location in a privacy-preserving manner, as well as the ability to assign an identity to an instance of an AI agent. This allows us to manage these otherwise unidentified and unaccountable bots that now represent more than 50% of online traffic. And why I think this is especially salient for everyone here, to Christina's earlier question, you know, who is feeling comfortable with their interactions with AI? I think right now there is a friendly interface that looks and feels a lot like the tools that we already trust. But right now we are simply blindly trusting and not necessarily able to verify all the way down. So we are bringing accountability to agentic workflows through association with human identity. I think you'll find a lot of common ground with your other two panelists on that. And I want to bring Terrence in from Humanity Protocol. It sounds as though proof of being human is kind of a big thing, even though it's sort of annoying when you're challenged and you're logging on to something and it says, tell me you're not a robot. I'm like, you're the robot. I'm the human. Why are you asking me this question? But Terrence, could you talk a little bit to that point? Terrence Ruffin? Yeah, can you hear me? Yeah, so I think, you know, the whole idea of proving that you're a human is pretty absurd historically. And then I think over the last year or two, you realize that every single website you go to, every single account you try to create, you're, you know, spending at least a couple minutes picking traffic lights, doing math equations. And then, you know, I think as you guys were saying, you know, 50% of online traffic is already bots. You're looking at click fraud across online advertising. And then, you know, in terms of whether it's AI-generated content, whether it's deep fakes and videos, images, voice generation, it's, the way we think about it is that very soon it's impossible to tell online. Obviously, in the offline world, very easy. But in the online world, it's becoming more and more impossible, right? And so that's why with Humanity Protocol, one of the first things, you know, what we're trying to do is build trust. We're trying to verify various human attributes. But the very first human attribute that we're focused on is sort of proof of humanity, proving that you are a human being. We're doing that through biometrics. We actually think in order to be able to do this, it would require sort of an offline physical component to that. But ultimately, I think the use cases are numerous when it comes to sort of proving that you're human, simply because if you're not able to, all of online advertising would go away. You know, in terms of social media, in terms of professional social networks, you know, there's absolutely a need for this. Yeah, because the bots are not quite yet buying or shopping. Or maybe they are. If you have an agent, maybe it can shop for you. But that brings in Gary. And Gary, you can talk about the verification and certification of agents, AI agents, as well as the humans who operate them or who are behind them. So tell us a little bit about that and the trust and how you work with that. Yeah, sure. Thanks, Christina. Yeah. Terminal 3 is a user data and identity oracle. So we create a universal record of a human being where we store it in a decentralized manner, which means that it's self-sovereign. The user owns it. But more importantly is that we use cryptography to allow that user to selectively disclose whatever they want about themselves in a fully private way anywhere on the Internet and digital platforms. Now, where that applies to AI agents in particular is that we are able to create trust certification, as you mentioned. Now, what I mean by that, there are two things. The first is that for AI agents, there's a bunch of trust problems with AI agents today. Right now, we're in the novelty phase where we're all using these agents. We're very, very happy to trust whatever ChatGPT tells us right now because they haven't caused major problems yet. But that's coming, especially as these products continue to scale and we rely on them more and more for fundamental parts of our lives. A number of trust problems, I'll raise two specifically. One is that the actions that AI agents take on our behalf is in a black box. We actually don't know what they do. We just know what the outcome is. And today, we're being taught, hey, just trust the outcome. If the outcome is what you want, then everything else that led to that outcome should be okay. That should not be, we should not be, we should not be all right with that. And the second trust issue is that the AI agent itself also has to be trusted by all the third-party applications that the agent interacts with. And increasingly, as AI agents take over what otherwise would be regulated activities where human beings are accountable for, like trading and purchasing and everything that happens on a payment rail, we actually need to be able to trust the AI agent has the right to transact on behalf of a human operator. So those are two ways that our technology at Terminal 3 can serve the growing and scaling AI agent world, where we bring accountability to what AI agents are doing by moving their transactions on-chain in an immutable, but largely anonymous way. And the second is using zero-knowledge, providing authorization credentials, so that human beings, the four of us, can assign authorization directly for a specific agent, maybe one that's using Provado IDs, agent ID, to say, this agent can, in fact, make a purchase, make a trade on my behalf without actually doxing myself, without revealing who I am, because all of these transactions are immutably on-chain. So that's our role. It's infrastructure. It's not very sexy, but it's foundational for AI agents to be able to scale in the future. It's fascinating how quickly we've moved into sort of the world of agents. I mean, personally, I'm looking for an agent who can clean my house and do my laundry, but we're probably too far away from that. But I did look up some stats just to get a sense of how big the AI trust market is. And I found that the market size for AI trust, risk, and security management has really exploded. It's expected to rise from 2.49 billion US dollars last year to 2.91 billion this year. Now, that doesn't sound like it's that sexy, but actually the compound annual growth rate is something like 17%. So that kind of accumulates and it shows you how much interest there is sort of in this topic. Now, all of you are working on sort of different aspects of it as we've just learned. You know, you're touching some different aspects of the trust bridge, so to speak. If you could talk a little bit about what's the most exciting aspect of what you're doing, what's the hardest or the most frustrating part of it? And can we go back to Gary to start off? I think what's most exciting about all of this is that AI agents open up opportunities for the vast majority of the world that never existed before. And let's just talk about basic banking and trading. We live in a world of 7 billion people, 1.5 billion of whom are still unbanked. They don't have a bank account. If they do have money, it's under their mattress, right? On top of that, when we're talking about the public equity markets, and here in Hong Kong, everyone has a brokerage account. Because as I joke, in Hong Kong during Chinese New Year, traditional Lai C actually is HSBC stock. For many, many generations, it was like that. And so in this city, it's very normal to trade public equities. But that is actually not normal across the world. At best, at best, maybe 10% of the world has ever traded, bought, or sold a single stock. Which means that the massive growth of public companies over the course of the last several decades has only benefited a very, very small portion of the world's population. Now, why is that? Not only is banking infrastructure not available all around the world like it is here in Hong Kong, not only are public markets not available to the vast majority of the human population, but even if they were, the complexity of just trading is something that we may understand living in a first-tier city, but others do not. AI agents change all of that. It's much easier for an AI agent to provide access to a wallet than it is for a human being to get a bank account at a chartered bank. And with AI agents, you can just tell them what your goals are for your life, and they'll be able to come up with a trading plan on your behalf. You yourself as an individual do not necessarily have to understand how the capital markets work. So suddenly, we are opening up the opportunity in an autonomous way for the world's population to participate in global economic growth in a way that's never happened before. That comes, however, with a massive amount of risk. Because thankfully for hopefully most people in this room, a single trade cannot wipe us out of all of our life savings. But for a lot of the world's population, a single trade will. So now we have to hold these bots that have opened up these opportunities accountable. That's both the opportunity and the risk and what I'm most excited about it because if we can fix the accountability and the trust issues of that, then AI agents can truly scale and open up these economic opportunities to billions of people around the globe. Yeah, there's always two sides, right? And in the same way that AI helps to secure and prevent fraud, AI can also be used to create deepfakes, for instance, and just conjure things out of nowhere and be used for evil purposes. So that's always the duality of it. Evan, if I could go to you next. Certainly to pick up the note that you had described there, I think at present AI is used more often for fraud, to execute fraud, than it is to prevent it. But I think the most compelling opportunity that we are looking at right now is perhaps the greatest savings of time, effort, and complexity that the human species will ever experience. To our earlier discussion, the importance of accountability in enabling that means that we will be able to discern not only bot traffic, prevent deepfake scams and things that we've mentioned before, but this also unlocks a new level of coordination for those of us here on chain. Right now, the only two activities that you can do with another address on chain, if you do not have this context, is you can spend money, you can spend a treasury, and you can do over-collateralized lending. And that's it. Any other coordination game that involves, as I call it, machine money or cryptocurrency and agentic workflows requires more data about your counterparty and a system of accountability. So if we want to eliminate the absence of accountability that is currently causing these, you know, tens of billions of dollars of losses each year, then we need to tackle fragmentation. To your question, I think one of the more frustrating challenges that we are all tackling here today is the evolving complexity of sort of new niche inventions that actually add to fragmentation as opposed to building on existing open standards using resources, tools, and networks that we already have today. And so I think it's, you know, fortunate that discussions like this help to bring out these challenges that we can address together. Thank you, Evan. And Terrence, if I could bring you in, I mean, is it palm scanning that Humanity Protocol uses? And, you know, other sort of protocols use different things, iris scanning, for example, for the WorldCoin. Talk a little bit about what you find exciting, what you're doing. What's difficult? Yeah, so, you know, the way we think about Humanity Protocol, we get compared a little bit to WorldCoin because we also use biometrics. The sort of biometrics that WorldCoin uses is obviously the iris. Everybody's iris is unique. What we actually do is we actually also use biometrics, but instead of focusing on the iris, we started with a palm. So, you know, your palm print, your palm veins are also unique to every single person. It's a pretty mature technology in the sense that, you know, Amazon's using that for payments in the U.S., Tencent's using that for payments in China. Japan has been using this for banks and ATMs for decades. I think that's sort of the very first thing that we're starting with. Recently we announced a partnership with a DNA testing company also in terms of having them be a credential issuer on Humanity Protocol for sort of DNA credentials. I think, as I mentioned before, you know, anything that is sort of purely online and digital for proof of humanity, I think it's going to be really challenging. You know, historically you have sort of, one statistic that's actually interesting when I was giving a speech in Davos is that bots are actually better at solving these captchas than humans. They're able to solve them at like 97, 99%. That is so annoying. Whereas people are actually only able to do it at 86%. Yeah. So it's kind of stupid that you still have to do all of these things, right? Yes, 100%. You know, so I think, you know, for us, yes, you know, we're starting with biometrics, but then the whole idea for us, you know, is how do we trust different things? You know, whether it's where you go to school or, you know, where you work, whether you're, you know, an accredited investor. So I think for us, we're starting with the biometrics piece, but then using humanity protocol to, in combination with identity validators to sort of prove various, you know, attributes about you as a human being, which we think will become more and more important because as, you know, people here were saying, there's fraud, there's scams. I think, you know, and I think it's very early days. I think there's the whole sort of fraud and scamming market is going to be absolutely booming. You know, and I think it's going to be important to be able to differentiate. Yeah. So Gary, we were talking and you brought up something really fascinating about tokenization and how agents are sort of creating this new sort of ecosystem of tokens. And it was fascinating to me because I think humans are just sort of still using that and getting into that world, even here in Hong Kong. But here we're talking about the agents. Yeah. What's that about? So this is also why agentic AI is so forefront in the Web3 meta right now. There are actually two reasons. One is AI agents can en masse create and operate wallets, which makes Web3 technologies perfect for AI agents to kind of explore the real world transactions they can participate in. Yep. And what you mentioned just now, right now in the AI agent world, the intersection with Web3, there's a bunch of these virtual agents that are creating their own identities on social media platforms. And they are just autonomously tweeting and trading. And people are paying attention to those agents' own wallets. And then either, well, most of them are just copying these trades because there's this aping effect where you're assuming that an AI agent that a lot of people follow on both X as well as following their wallet activity, if they trade something and if I participate, then everyone else is going to participate and inevitably the token value is going to go up. There's a lot of this activity right now. It's a lot of fun to watch these AI agents figure out and assess trading opportunities much faster than us at it, and then actually start to negotiate and communicate with one another. There's one intersection. But the other intersection I think is far more foundational, which is that blockchain technologies, because of its immutable record, because of the consensus mechanisms, and because of its innate anonymity, means that these AI agents and activities can now be held accountable with publicly available technology infrastructure that is not controlled by and therefore could be manipulated by centralized authority. That is absolutely necessary for the scale of trust and therefore the scale of the AI agent world. Effectively, what I'm saying is that for AI agents to be real in our lives long term, to have actual daily impact, blockchain technology is not a nice-to-have. It is a necessity. You must have blockchain technologies as part of agendic AI. Otherwise, agendic AI at scale is impossible. That's my belief, which is why I think it's so foundational that all three players up here are building infrastructure right now that makes all of the opportunities that Evan and Terrence are talking about possible. Yeah, it's an exciting new branch out of what was purely, mostly a blockchain, crypto kind of metaverse, and kind of merging all of this together to make it better. Evan, I wondered if I could turn to you. Provado ID is very interested in user education. You know, we talked at the beginning about how we're balancing between fear and excitement about the new technologies. What do you want the audience most to know so that they can feel confident about getting more involved with AI and not fearful? So, as we noted earlier, there are many opportunities to experiment. But as with experimental technologies in many different realms, a healthy sense of caution and consideration, I think, will serve us all well. What I would share with the audience today to bring confidence is that, you know, our team, the stewards of the most broadly used zero-knowledge libraries on Earth, is bringing forth accountability and security mechanisms for both human and agent identity that will usher in a set of products and capabilities at global scale that we can both verify and trust. Our work with enterprise and government partners around the world, serving, you know, at this point, I think over 100 million users in various capacities, means that we can take the best practices of government-scale security, of enterprise-grade requirements, and deliver them to everyday people. But in the interim, approach with caution as you would any experiment. And I think that, you know, set of future expectations and curiosity about current opportunities will serve us well. I mean, I think you're right. I mean, do your own research. Do we still sort of cling to that? I mean, it was sort of popular saying as there were so many coins proliferating, you had no idea what was real and what was not. Terrence, I thought you might talk a little bit about what you see as maybe the defining trends as we go on, either short-term or long-term, that will determine the path taken. And if you can, talk a little bit about other standards. I mean, you're all operating in different aspects. Is there a need for unified standards? Is that important? Or is it just go ahead and experiment? I think it's going to be really hard to have sort of unified standard to start. I think sort of when it comes to identity, whether it's for agents, for humans, I think different sort of companies, different sort of projects are going to try and create their own standards. But then a little bit similar to sort of the traditional tech world, things generally just kind of converge at some point. You know, pretty much all your phones are using type-C chargers at this point. Simply, you know, companies wanted to have all their own, right? But then it became more convenient for people, right? So I think when it comes to sort of the identity piece, you know, in terms of credentials, in terms of how we think about security, how all these decentralized IDs are being rolled out, I think there are going to be different people that are trying to do different things. The way we think about sort of what we call the human ID is very different from how World Coin thinks about World ID. It's probably different from how Provado thinks about Provado ID. But at some point, I think there is, given that it's blockchain, people are going to be trying to work together. They're going to try and make sure... Yeah. Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt, but that's actually the exact point. The convergence that you're talking about that happens in Web 2 in traditional industry, and the convergence that will happen in our industry are fundamentally different. And I think that that's what makes this industry so exciting. Because in the Web 2 industry, everybody wants to have their own data store. So Facebook is very unlikely to share any sort of information or data about their users to Google, right? They would sell it to advertisers, but they probably wouldn't be sharing much with competitors, right? But I think in the Web 3 world, there is this sort of spirit of collaboration. You know, it's not... Still, I think people keep certain things proprietary, but I think there is a lot more willingness to sort of collaborate and build from there. If you had the traditional players on stage, if you had Microsoft and Ping and Okta sitting in these seats instead of the three of us, there would not be candid conversation about roadmap, about the technologies that we're experimenting with. Because these are silos, and we don't want our competitors, or they don't want their competitors to understand. And then at the end of the day, whoever wins is because it's pure competition, and it takes years to get to a standard, and the standard is only set when one person wins and everyone else dies. And I think we as consumers suffer for that. And the difference here in this world is that after this conversation, the three of us will go backstage, and we will talk about our roadmaps, and we'll talk about collaboration. And then when these standards converge, it's because we're working together to get to a solution for everyone else at this conference and in the industry much faster than traditional industries. That's what makes Web3 and the collaboration of Web3, I think, significantly better for humanity in the way technology has been built over the course of the last 20, 30 years. Yeah. So that's a very good point, the collaboration and that ethos that is very different in this versus the traditional. Evan, I wondered if you could sort of help us wrap up by, you know, there are different businesses probably represented in this room, everyone who works maybe at a traditional business or sector, two startups, entrepreneurs, and whatnot. Or people who are just exploring. If there's one piece of advice you'd give to someone who's running a business to bridge the trust gap, how would you advise them? What's the one piece of advice you'd give? My DMs are open. Call me anytime. But no, in all reality, I think today in attending this conversation is an exceptional place to start. As we, you know, are just noting here, usage turns specs into standards. And so it is only through exploration, experimentation, and being service-oriented, user-centered problem solvers that will allow us to progress in this space. Thank you. I like that. And that actually takes us to the end. I'm sorry if I've had to cut you off. You had some other pearls of wisdom to drop on this audience. You've been a fantastic panel. As you can tell, there's no artificiality about this intelligence. This is real intelligence here on stage. Thank you very much. Thank you, audience, for being our first audience of the day here to listen from the stage. And have a good rest of the conference. Thank you. Thank you all. We'll see you on train.