 We'll be right back. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to today's discussion of a very timely and topical subject, non-dollar stablecoins. I'm Jeff Bamman. I'll be your moderator. I'm a board director of the Global Blockchain Business Council, the largest global blockchain policy organization with over 500 members, 500 members, many involved in the real economy and keenly interested in global supply chains as well as payments. I'm very fortunate to have three very expert panelists, and I will ask each of them, starting with Rita Liu, then Paul Kremsky, and then Nick Van Eck to tell us a brief introduction of yourself and what your company does in the non-US dollar stablecoin ecosystem. Sure. Thanks. Thanks, Jeff. Hi, everyone. I'm Rita, CEO of RD Technologies. So we do a few things. We run the biggest B2B stablecoin payment platform here in Hong Kong. We actually are infrastructure for lots of OTC, crypto payment companies here in Hong Kong. And in the meantime, we're also a stablecoin issuer. We're one of the three companies that are in the stablecoin sandbox by Hong Kong MA. So that's our link to non-US dollar stablecoin. So, but just a word here. So Hong Kong's stablecoin regulation is currency agnostic. So any currency is, you know, within scope. So Hong Kong stablecoin doesn't equal Hong Kong dollar stablecoin. But we are issuing a Hong Kong dollar stablecoin to start with, and we'll explore more. Thanks. That's great. And we'll drill down more into both why Hong Kong and then what Hong Kong versus other stablecoin potentials. Paul. Yeah. Paul Kremsky. Can everyone hear me? So my name is Paul. I run business development for Cumberland. We are a liquidity provider. We're not an issuer. So we work with stablecoin projects in order to provide liquidity on centralized exchanges, on decentralized exchanges, and in the OTC market. We also trade non-stablecoin products. But frankly, we have the most fun, and it seems a little bit weird to say, we have the most fun working on stablecoin projects because it is a really interesting market that requires a deep understanding of market structure and balance sheet. And frankly, in the non-dollar space, it's a market that still has to be built, and that's where we have the most fun. That's great. And Nick Van Eck from Agora. Nick Van Eck. I'm the CEO and one of the co-founders of Agora. We're a U.S. dollar stablecoin issuer, but we're also building up the stack or sort of downstream from us into both the infrastructure on an off-ramp layer as well as the application layer. And so doing a number of things across payments. You'll see us doing treasury management and potentially some other things down the road. That's great. That's great. So we're very fortunate to have three real experts who are hands-on in the space. So I think to get the conversation started, it's always helpful to start with numbers, data, some metrics. And we're fortunate that Paul has actually written on this topic both in terms of overall stablecoin volumes as well as the volumes around non-dollar stablecoins. Paul, could you give us some numbers and some context in terms of what the metrics are and how that's looked over the last few years? Yeah. I can give a where are we now. You know, I'm sure most of you guys know stablecoins in general are at about 200 billion. That is largely Tether and Circle, AUSD, dollar stablecoins. In fact, dollar stablecoins amounts for 99.2% of all of the stablecoin market cap. So to say that there are only dollar stablecoins is not much of an exaggeration. To draw a comparison, 60% of the money supply is dollars, of the global money supply. So it makes sense that dollars are the dominance currency. It probably doesn't make sense that they're over 99%. And so when we look at that and we say, like, okay, where is this market going to be in the next three years? First off, I don't think it will still be 99%. I don't think it will be 60%, but maybe 80%. That opens up a lot of space for other currencies, including euro, predominantly euro, but also including Hong Kong dollar, including Singapore dollar, including Australian dollar, etc. The other thing that I think is hopefully a non-controversial statement, I don't think that stablecoins three to five years from now will still be at 200 billion. I could say a trillion. That's probably underselling it. You know, stablecoins are really the product that has found market fit. And I know you just said that five minutes ago and I'm stealing your line, but it's the successful products from digital assets so far. It really is. And the trajectory is only going up. And so to speculate and say this thing looks like it's going to keep on going, you know, that means you can make some interesting bets. And to say, like, okay, I really want to lean in and work with someone like RD Group. I'm making three bets, right? I'm making a bet on Rita and her ability to execute, which I feel very confident in. I'm making a bet on Hong Kong dollars in general and that Hong Kong dollars are going to occupy more than the zero point something percent that they occupy now. But I'm also making a really, really easy bet, which is I just I think stablecoins are going to grow in general. And so the entire base is going to grow. Great. So, you know, Paul, first of all, taking advantage of first mover advantage to take an insight that Nick made backstage. But to get to say it first, well done. Secondly, the overall pie of stablecoin market cap is going to grow, which I think most people have consensus around. One last question about the metrics, Paul. That tiny, tiny little sliver that exists today that's non-USD. How much of that is, you know, when you get in that little section, how much is euro? How much is Hong Kong dollar or other currencies? What currencies can we be can we see right now in the existing landscape? It's predominantly euro. And it makes sense. Euro is the after dollar euro is the largest currency. It makes sense. Euro has actually a pretty it's got a regulatory framework in place. And it's kind of where we think Hong Kong is going as well as in terms of putting the rules of the road down. And so Circle has a stablecoin company called Stabler has a stablecoin, which is starting to get listed on several exchanges. And there starts to be kind of a little bit of a spread out there. I think the question of why we've seen so little growth in the non-dollar space, there are different use cases for stablecoins. And the first two are also the biggest, right? The first two are centralized exchange trading, trading on Binance and OKEx and Coinbase and Binance and Bybit. That you really want all one currency. You don't want liquidity to fragments. And the next use case is like access to the U.S. dollar, right? Folks in the global south, the reason they're using stablecoins is not so they can get involved with crypto. It's because they want dollars. But there are other use cases for stablecoins that have not grown as much that all benefit from non-dollars. Decentralized trade. And let's give the panelists weigh in on the other topic. I know we could just go on like that. So Rita, we're here in Hong Kong. Paul has already spoken about his confidence in you to execute. Clearly, we'd like you to tell the audience what it is that you're executing. Why have you located yourself in Hong Kong? Why is your company here? What are you focusing on? What are the advantages? Why Hong Kong? Yeah, yeah. So I was going to follow up on Paul's statement anyway. So I think, you know, there are use cases like payment that's still yet to take off. Even though, you know, like we have seen some adoption now. But, you know, for it to really take off, for example, in the B2B space, Hong Kong is the place to be, right? You have to come to Asia. Why? Because it's the biggest export center in the world. So we are here like processing all this B2B stablecoin payment flow here. And we can see, you know, the merchants, the payment companies that are helping the merchants, you know, receive funds from all over the world, is actively, are actually moving into stablecoin, right? So that's why Hong Kong, so Hong Kong traditionally has always been the hub for any money flowing into and outside of China. It has always been that way because this is the free-flowing currency is free-flowing, freely traded here. And it's a financial center. So it has always been that way. And now stablecoin is legal here. So it's the biggest opportunity for Hong Kong because everything, the stablecoin coming here, coming to this region, will need to land here first, right? So and we'll do an on-off ramp and the money will go to China or go to the merchant suppliers around the world. So last year, Hong Kong's B2B payment flow is $12 trillion. So we just moved 10% of that into stablecoin. That's huge. That's already bigger than the existing volume. So and that's actively happening. We're not talking here. We're actually walking the talk actually because we're actually processing that volume. So yeah, that's why we're in Hong Kong because it's powering the biggest export center in the world. Great. Great. And you know, makes sense. And those are obviously some heavy-duty numbers that we're looking at just based on kind of existing activities. And you mentioned in your introduction that you're one of just, I think, three participants in the existing sandbox that Hong Kong or HKMA has set up. Can you explain a little bit more about, you know, what is the sandbox? How long it's been around? What does that let you do? And then, you know, maybe also where is Hong Kong in the process of rolling out the full stablecoin legislation that will empower this fully? Yeah. So the legislation is that second reading now. So the first reading is done. So it's the government. The first reading for the non-regulatory experts. What does that mean? Oh, it's basically for the LegCo members to go through the bill that's presented to the LegCo. And so there will be three readings. And after that, they will go through the legislation process. So that's actually progressing. And sandbox is supposed to be trial before licensing. Right. So after legislation, there will be licensing. And sandbox is supposed to be a trial before licensing. And there were three companies that were selected into the sandbox to trial the stablecoin under Hong Kong's regulation. So I'll just quickly add on about Hong Kong dollar. Right. So we are all three companies in the sandbox are all talking about beginning with starting with the Hong Kong dollar one. Why? Because actually, again, we have the privilege of looking at of actually processing those stablecoin flow that's going through Hong Kong. Actually, 65% or so is U.S. dollar. And 25% or so is Hong Kong dollar. Right. Like in the fiat sense. So in the payment we process, actually Hong Kong dollar is not that small. So in Hong Kong, traditionally, the deposit is held half in U.S. dollar, half in Hong Kong dollar. So for Hong Kong, actually Hong Kong dollar has a huge opportunity. And and also for the traditional stratified institutions to come to this space. Everyone has been waiting for regulation. Right. So without compliance and regulation, they are hesitant to come in. So we believe, you know, when when when, you know, the license is out, all this volume will be able to get more volume, new volume into crypto through our stablecoin. Yeah, that that's great. And, you know, something attractive about the Hong Kong regulatory framework is not not only will it provide a stable regulatory foundation for Hong Kong dollar, but also for its its currency agnostic, which creates opportunities for for other currencies as well, which which does potentially make it an attractive place to to build. And it's quite pragmatic. Nick, thank you for your for your patience. And we now we now come to you. Obviously, you're you've devoted yourself to building in the space. We hear rumors you might be spending more time in Hong Kong here yourself. You know, what do you see as some of the impediments that you've identified to building out non U.S. dollar stable coins? And, you know, how are you tackling those impediments and what use cases are you trying to solve for? Yeah, I think Paul called this out correctly, which is most of stablecoin demand today has been trading on centralized crypto exchanges. And then, you know, the second bucket being U.S. dollar demand. Right. And so I think one of the bigger impediments is that for HKD or GBP to start taking off, you need the FX and payments markets to really start start to take off. And I think those have not yet to date, but I see them as the next, you know, some of the next hundred X sort of growth vectors for stable coins. You know, I think we've almost tapped out crypto trading to date. Maybe you get, you know, another 50, 100, 200 billion there. But I think the big drivers going forward are going to be continued, you know, dollar demand, FX cross-border payments, and then, you know, different settlement mechanisms, you know, cross-border and sort of the institutional tokenization angle. But that'll be more U.S. dollar driven. And so I think as we see, you know, banks, traditional payment companies start to feel comfortable using, you know, MPC wallet solutions and stable coins, that'll really drive non-U.S. dollar stables because there'll be that sort of second leg of the trade, which today is primarily U.S. dollar stables and then local fiat currencies. So I think that'll start to actually pick up the usage of non-U.S. dollar stables. And that's starting to happen now, but I think we're going to see it start to happen much faster as, you know, and I've heard this sort of anecdotally, but different payment providers like the conduits of the world or the BVNKs, some of them are actually enabling cross-border payments at, you know, 50% the cost of WISE, right? And so if you are a business moving money cross-border, it is now way cheaper to actually do so via stables, and it's only going to get increasingly slow. And, you know, that doesn't even factor in sort of the benefit of it being like T0 now. So I think that'll be the main driver for non-U.S. dollar demand, and it's just the, you know, first inning. And, you know, when you talk about kind of the benefits for those ultimate end users and then the payments in different currencies, are the solutions you're focusing on, is it possible to imagine sort of one size fits all or, you know, for sort of different end user types or for different currencies? Are there different things you need to build to sort of unlock the necessary infrastructure? Yeah, this could be a bad take, but I think it's actually going to be much more business and institutional driven on the non-U.S. dollar stablecoin side. I don't think there will be as much retail demand for non-USD stables because there's, you know, if you're, you know, for me as an American that lives in America, stablecoins actually are not that useful, right? We have pretty good banking access. You know, Venmo, you know, even on the traditional rails feels like a stablecoin. And so where U.S. dollar stables is really most valuable is outside the United States. And so I don't see, you know, unless there's some sort of mandate, right, that Europeans are using euro stables versus their existing, you know, banking system. And so where the institutions come in on the non-USD side is like FX, cross-border payments, maybe trading firms, those sorts of things. And I think those are really the main customers for non-USD stables. Could be wrong, but that's what my best guess is. Yeah, I think just on that one, right, not just for non-USD stablecoin, for stablecoin in general, I think for in different regions, the use case where the killer app would be different, right? Like, for example, in Hong Kong, I don't think retail is the place to go for stablecoin adoption because it's 7 million people market. And, you know, the fintech space is already so advanced, you know, like you can use, there's so many fintech apps you can use to make payment. So you don't need stablecoin, right? And they are fast enough. So that's why we have been, in Hong Kong, have been very focused on B2B because that's where actually the biggest opportunity for Hong Kong is. But if you go to some market that, you know, like there's not so much fintech apps and using traditional ways to pay is still very painful or expensive, then stablecoin makes sense, right? So I think for different regions, the killer app for stablecoin adoption would be different. Got it. Paul, to come back to you, I know you started to talk about use cases before, so I know you have a lot of thoughts about that. Do you want to jump in here on what you see as the killer apps or use cases for different non-dollar stablecoins? Well, just to yes ands, right? Yeah. I got off the plane the other day to arrive in Hong Kong, and the first thing I do before I even hop on the train is I go to the TransferWise, and I pay probably like 1.5% or 2% or whatever they feel like charging me just to go from Singapore dollars to Hong Kong dollars, right? Like that's just too much, right? I could do this on Uniswap for 12 bps, right? And so I really won't be happy until we get to the day where before I go on this trip, I can, you know, sit down in my MetaMask, and I can convert my, you know, Singapore dollar stablecoin into my Hong Kong dollar stablecoin, and then when I arrive, I can pay for that, you know, express train ticket with Hong Kong dollar stablecoins. Like that's where I want to be, right? Where I can just like, you know, tap the wallet the same way that I, you know, can tap my credit card, and, you know, Visa will charge me however many percentage points they are. So in terms of like where do we ultimately want to go, that's where, right? And it's a combination of, you know, cross-border payments and then micropayments as well, right? I think, Rita, I think when you're talking about payments, you're talking about like, okay, I need to pay my supplier and my supplier is over here in Mexico, and like I need to move money across border. Yeah. But there's also like buying the coffee. Yeah. Right? Yeah. I want the octopus card to be built on top of HKDR. Right. Right? That's what I want to see. Yeah. So in the B2B space, which is our bread and butter, so just to give you a very simple example, right? So the VA fiat account we offer to our customers, our institutional customers, there are eight currencies, right? In the stablecoin account, there's only two USDC, USDT, right? It just doesn't make sense. Because on the fiat side, they have eight currencies. They can freely, they can use whatever they want, and they can do FX very easily with us. So for us, we believe stablecoin in all these B2B payment users' account in the future, stablecoin will just become another tickers, right? So now they have all these tickers of fiat currencies, and they'll have other tickers in their account to facilitate faster and cheaper settlement around the world, right? So I think that's just a simple example, right? Like what we see. Yeah. So to oversimplify a little bit, like I'm sort of hearing more from Nick, and it doesn't have to be either or, but, you know, from Rita and Nick hearing, you know, I think a lot more focus around, you know, B2B and kind of wholesale payments being the driver for stables, essentially. And, Paul, you're saying that, you know, that certainly a result you would like to see is, you know, kind of the use of something, you know, at least backed by stablecoins to bring benefits to retail users. To everyone. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, do you think that actually that will end up being the biggest catalyst, or that might maybe just be a benefit from the institutional drivers, and eventually it brings it down for the average person? I think it's a benefit. I think it's a benefit. You're already seeing this with U.S. dollar stables, where it's like you can have, you know, an on-chain wallet address where it could be USDC, USDT, AUSD, or they just abstract it away and say USD, and then that hooks up to a card, you know, either powered by, like, RedotPay or Rain. There's a number of these providers. And you can go to, you know, your traditional POS and pay with it via, you know, dollar stables in Peru or in Argentina. Yeah. Right? I don't know what they're charging sort of on the conversion behind the scenes, but I think, you know, to Paul's point, you could easily see that, you know, Paul in Singapore having, like, XSGD, he comes here and it routes automatically through, like, a permission or a permissionless pool, and then he can spend that in HKD, you know, at the booth downstairs. And he, you know, and it abstracts almost away the entire experience and reduces those FX fees. So I think, I don't know if it's a, you know, main driver, but I do think you're going to see retail start to benefit from this as, you know, the infrastructure and these solutions start to scale. Yeah. And also another example, right? Because we're now here in Hong Kong, I think everyone is probably wondering, what about CNH, right? So Hong Kong is the biggest settlement center for CNH. And, again, Hong Kong's stablecoin regulation is open to any currency. So CNH is not off the limit. So for a merchant, right, for an exporter selling to Africa, right? So traditionally, the price of goods in U.S. dollar because that's the only thing they can receive back, right? And then ultimately, they need to be converted into CNY to settle to the factories, right, in China. So if they can, if they have, if we have CNH stablecoin and not rely on traditional rails, then the exporters can price their goods in CNH and receive CNH stablecoin back to Hong Kong, off ramp to CNH and go back to China, right? That means no currency conversion. No currency conversion were FX risk, right? So huge demand on the exporter side. We're already seeing people, you know, like discussing about this a lot recently. So that's also another interesting angle into non-U.S. dollar stablecoin. Yeah. So, you know, a couple of the panelists have talked on the regulatory landscape around stablecoins. Paul, you alluded to kind of the MECA and the European framework, which is in place. I think the Europeans are also trying to make sure the euro stays, you know, relevant and that there's presence in the EU. We're getting there in, you know, in Hong Kong with, I guess we've completed the first reading and two more readings to go. So that seems to be around the corner. With the U.S. new administration, it's not in place, but there's discussion around, you know, seems like there's momentum to have stablecoin legislation, at least for dollar stablecoin. You know, are there any regulatory barriers remaining that, you know, is, you know, working in the space, you all are worried about that still needs to happen either in other jurisdictions? Or do we feel like, you know, there's at this point a regulatory tailwind and, you know, that has been sort of de-risked from the perspective of this space? Yeah, I think everyone on this stage is early adopters, right? And, you know, while there's momentum in the United States, there's no clear regulation yet and there's no law. And so for traditional businesses, you know, whether those are, you know, John Deere, right, that has suppliers all around the world or a bank or a financial service institution to get comfortable with stables, there needs to be laws and regulations in place. And so while there's momentum, that hasn't happened yet. And so I think once we actually see regulation in the United States, you know, Hong Kong is obviously moving along quite quickly. There is, you know, environments in Singapore as well. You know, those are sort of the main hubs, right, because Europe's already solved. Then I think you see this really start to move quickly because traditional businesses will feel comfortable, you know, moving in and saying, okay, I know I'm not going to get hosed by this, and I can experience the 10 to 100x benefits that stablecoins enable on the cross-border payment side. And so I still see that as being, you know, two to three years away. But I think, you know, once that is set in stone on many of the global, you know, across many global financial markets, you're going to start to see this really rip. Yeah. Sorry. And in Hong Kong, I can say that, you know, so for, with the stablecoin regulation, so unlicensed, the stablecoin issuers will only be able to offer their stablecoin to selected group of users, for example, professional investors, so not to the public. So that's slightly better than Europe, because in Europe, if you're not licensed there, you cannot offer to anyone through the license changes there, right? So in Hong Kong, you cannot offer to the general public. So I do think, you know, as, you know, regulation becomes clearer and clearer in different jurisdictions, you know, who is licensed in that jurisdiction will become clearer, right? And I agree with Nick that actually the traditional institutions, we're talking about really traditional payment companies, they will get, not get into the space, you know, big scale, unless they know they're working with licensed player here. So that's just as simple as that, yeah. Got it. So we're already near the end of our time, so now's the sort of crystal ball opportunity for our panelists, and we'll just kind of go down the line here, starting with Rita so that Nick gets the last word. So, you know, what is the time, you know, two years, three years, five years, when we will really see at least one successful non-USD stablecoin? And the question is, how many years will that be from now, and what will be the most successful or preeminent non-USD stablecoin? Okay. So from RDE, I think, you know, first of all, like I said, you know, Hong Kong's B2B payment flow last year was $12 trillion. So, you know, as we are also processing stablecoin payment, we're hoping to move, you know, like I said, 10% of that in a matter of three to five years, that's our goal, into stablecoin. And partly of parts of that will be in our Hong Kong dollar stablecoin, right? So our timeline is definitely, with the also regulation, with the licensing happening in Hong Kong, we believe, you know, a non-US dollar stablecoin will become, you know, will become a norm for people in the next three to five years. Three to five years, Hong Kong dollar. Great. Paul? I think we'll see a stablecoin, a non-dollar stablecoin above a billion this year. And that might not seem like a lot compared to, you know, USDC and USDT. But I think that'll be a pretty big landmark. Obviously, I'm looking at the euro. Just it's the largest currency. But after that, Hong Kong is one of the most interesting countries because of the fact that there's so much money that flows through it. And because of the fact, frankly, that people in Hong Kong are used to having a private institution's name on their money, which is not the case in most countries. And finally, because it's pegged to the dollar already. So there's not extra volatility there. So Hong Kong is, to me, is one of the most interesting countries or currencies. Got it. Okay. And Nick? Yeah, I think if we define like one billion as successful, I think we'll see that this year, probably towards the tail end of this year. And I think it'll be euro. Euro. Great. Okay. With that, everybody, please give a hand and thank our panelists. And first, they'll be around. Hopefully, if you have more questions for everyone. Thank you. Please. Thank you. Thank you.