 Thank you. Thanks for the introduction. It's actually a quite long flight here to hear from San Francisco. My name is Scott. I'm co-founder and CTO of Kite AI. What we built is AI Salona. So before I built this company, I actually spent four years at Uber. I was Uber engineering committee chair. I fostered internal Uber skilled-out AI from scratch, 200 people. And before that, I was founding engineer at Salesforce and AI Cloud. I also co-founded a streaming DB company called Rising Wave, where it's 44 million for that one. My team, my co-founder, Chi, was an AI PhD from Berkeley. Chi was also a founding engineer at Dow Data. We also have the co-founder of Dow Data, Yusuke, leading the AI research here. We have previously Hydro BD and Hydro ecosystem from Nier joining us, lead Hydro BD and Hydro ecosystem. So, because we only have five minutes, I just want to explain what the problem is solving and how are we going to solve it. Currently, I think the biggest challenge for the mass adoption of AI first is our precession. Existing large language model or gen model-based solution, the best thing we can do is roughly 90% accuracy. This is far from enough. For example, at Uber, when we built this collision detection, which the project has supervised, the precession requires minimum like three nights here. But now, most of the large language model-based solution is only 90%. In this case, it's far from enough. But actually, although this is an outcome for the accuracy, but the income, the reason is actually because of lack of transparency and the lack of incentive. Let's take a lack of transparency as an example. Today, iPod cannot use any of the DeepSeq, cannot use OpenAI. The reason is very simple. They don't know what's behind the model. They may have, you know, even if there's a million data points, actually it's very good data points. You just take one data point poison to cause disastrous results, in this case, like a data poison. In this case, if you don't have end-to-end transparency, the big companies, the enterprise, the military cannot use any of this AI model. The reason is that there is lack of incentive. The graph here shows is actually what happened to the open-source data world. Ever since Gen.AI came out, half of the open-source previously open-available to crowd data now become closed-source data or private data. Because people realize that OpenAI and similar large language model, it takes the data and then profit from the data, but they got nothing. For most of the company here, data is the most valuable asset. So lack of incentive, in this case, is actually a very big problem for them. So that's why, if you look at this, which is published on PyTorch, on 2024 research, by the end of this year, more than half of the previously public data will not be available, in this case. So the world becomes a world in the garden, in this case. So that's why, without an infrastructure solution, the problem will become worse and worse. So that's what Kite.AI is building for. So that's, we have this proof of attributed intelligence. It means that from emission side, Instando gave $4 billion for Ethereum, gave to a million validator, which is doing exactly the same thing. We want to redirect 90% of these rewards to the AI contributor. That's the emission side for the reward. From the receiver side, we want to have end-to-end transparency. So in this case, not only you understand where the data comes from, which data is used, and then where data goes to, and then all the rewards emitted from blockchain will go to the data contributor and the model builder, and then have to get open, transparent, and fair compensation for their contribution. So that's the whole concept of proof of AI. Because of this, we actually need a new layer one, because we not only need to track AI computer, AI inference, the exclusion layer precisely and accurately, transparently. We also need to distribute rewards from blockchain to the corresponding exclusion layer. So that's where we need this layer one blockchain, adding a new AI compute, along with the most basic data structure, like a transaction. So we treat AI compute as a first-class citizen on blockchain level. So that's a CAD AI different from Ethereum. We are EVM compatible chain in this case. And then, so for example, in this particular case, we are working with UC Berkeley. Berkeley building a blood cancer detection model. Currently, they only have data from UCSF. So build on top of CAD AI, they can use our AI infra and blockchain and use a data provider, third-party provider, build a cancer detection model. And then this cancer detection model can be used by Quest Diagonal. And the revenue will go through each single inference, AI inference. The revenue will go through the contributor here, open and transparently. So that's CAD AI. We actually released our test net more than less than two weeks ago. We already have a million tickets connected. And we already have like 25 million inference calls used. So that's CAD AI. If you are interested, follow me on Twitter. And then follow our CAD AI. Thank you.