 Hey, good afternoon everyone. My name is Jay and I'm the co-founder of Mantra. Before we get to talking about what's on stage over here, on screen over here, I'd actually like to share a small story with you. And the story starts in 2017 with a rebellion. The rebellion was of a few people that thought that what if we start putting things that don't exist on a blockchain onto a blockchain? What does that mean for us? And then that rebellion had a few questions. It had a few people that were talking about it. It had a few people that were interested. But as with all rebellions, it got squashed without much going on. But what did get left behind at the end of that rebellion was the phrase tokenization. So in 2017, we started to see the shoots of tokenization taking place. Now let's cut to 2021, right? In 2021, what happens? We have DeFi that is made possible. We see a lot of new projects coming on board. And then we see composable crypto becoming a reality. So the same people that were part of the rebellion that said, what can you do with these things that you represent on chain suddenly had the answer that you can collateralize it, you can provide it as credit, you can do a lot of other things along with that as well. So in 2021, the rebellion started to become a little bit more of a revolution. And then what got left behind over there was composable crypto tokenization. Now, as we started to evolve beyond that, we got all the fun stuff of 2022 that ended up stopping everything that we were working on. And then what came to light was that we need compliant, composable crypto tokenization. And that is what I'm here to talk to you about today, which is what we're doing at Mantra. Because doing tokenization and representing an asset on chain technologically is the easiest part. How you actually wrap it up with the legalities, how do you make sure that real world assets have real world compliance? Now that is where the trick lies. And to that end, what we realized at Mantra is that a blockchain needs to be built from the ground up to facilitate this future in which composable crypto tokenization can exist. So that's why we started building our own L1 back in 2023 to solve this immediate problem. But as with all revolutions, it was not easy, it was not fun, and it was quite painful. A lot of regulators took an absolutely negative view on exactly how tokenization should be done or shouldn't be done. And they just said that all incumbent banks are now going to be at risk. So let's not do this. And that revolution carried on for a little bit of time. And that's when we come to today. So I have a couple of really fun things to share with you regarding what's happened. As of yesterday, Mantra is the first DeFi license protocol, as far as VARA is concerned in Dubai, which means that to provide this future of a composable crypto tokenization platform, we now have the layer one blockchain infrastructure available that allows you as builders to be able to come on board and start to plug and play without having to worry about a lot of different things that would have otherwise stopped you from innovating in the past. So a lot of the innovation that turns out right now is that you can be a financial builder, you can be a technology builder, or you could be a social builder. And every single one of these types of builders needs a community to call home. And that community becomes this layer one database essentially, which is what all blockchains are, to come and start building towards this tokenized future. And that is where we come to building the RWA future, which I wanted to talk to you about today. So a lot of times in the past, people have said tokenization is cool, but yeah, what, it's not going to really work out. So I'm going to put my money where my mouth is and actually tell you that with the VARA license that we have right now, if you are a builder of financial products, technological products, or if you have a community that believes that compliant crypto should exist, you now have a home to call your own, where you can come and build your solution. And what you get along with this is the fact that we also want to support you as builders. So as of an hour ago, what we also did was announce an accelerator program alongside Google, who was also ridiculed at one point in time because they said, who wants a search engine? So partnering with the Web2 giant, and also bringing on board the fact that you now have a regulated license environment in which you can start building allows for the future of tokenization to actually start taking shape. So that revolution in which people were trying to throw down the old system has now been accepted by regulators around the world. Within the US, within Western Europe, within a lot of the Middle East and other parts of Asia, everyone is taking a legal view towards tokenization of projects and crypto, and realizes that this rebellion, which turned into a revolution, has now become the evolution of finance that we see at play over here. So if you ever thought that there was a time to build in crypto, the best time to do that is today. So forget the charts, don't worry about anything else, and let's get to building the RWA future together. Thank you so much. You