 Hi everyone, how are you? Thank you for sticking around actually. We're onto the tail end of the day. And you know, with the first consensus here in Hong Kong, and I think we can all agree it's absolutely amazing. So my name is Jane Chan. I head up the startup division at Invest Hong Kong, which is a government department helping overseas companies to set up here in the city. We have something like 34 offices around the world, and we have 10 dedicated sector teams with industry expertise. If you are interested to set up in Hong Kong. So look for Invest Hong Kong. But today actually our session is going to be very much focused on marketing and branding. I mean, we all know that this past, you know, two or three years, we've had quite a few challenges in terms of the crypto space. There's been ups and downs and things. And today I'm absolutely honored to have two fantastic speakers who have real expertise in this area. And we're just going to be covering a few things about, you know, how to market and brand your Web3 company or digital assets company amidst these global challenges. So let me get started. I've got Amanda Kassat, who was basically the CMO in the early days of consensus and during the early days of Ethereum. So seriously, it doesn't get much better than this if you want to understand marketing and branding your Web3 company. And I've also got Edith Young from Race Capital. She is, you know, an OG in terms of investing in, you know, the digital assets kind of space amongst other types of tech as well. And she's going to give us some, you know, insights as to how she looks at, you know, that her investment thesis when she's, you know, looking to invest in Web3 kind of companies. So, you know, welcome. Thank you so much for joining me. Happy to be here. Is this working? Yeah. I mean, I'll start by asking what global challenges? I feel like all the challenges since I started working in this space have been removed. Oh, wow. Yeah. And now every jurisdiction is competing to be the most crypto friendly. Right. And this is something that we could not have imagined in 2015, 2016, when I started working on the Ethereum project. We were thinking about how we provide an alternative system and how we route around authority. And now it turns out we've been endorsed by every type of authority. So that's strange and interesting. I think the biggest challenge to our system is the prevalence of scammers and terrible projects that leave people with a bad taste in their mouth. Yeah. And I think we're having what I call right now a flight to reality where a lot of the narratives and projects that always seem like they didn't quite make sense actually don't. And a lot of the projects that have real users and real product market fit, those are the ones that live out beyond a single cycle. Even if some of these kind of temporary flash in the pan gestures or types of projects can do well for a little bit, they never actually make it beyond one cycle. And so I really applaud this flight to reality. What we do at Serotonin is we focus on product market fit based marketing. Right. So there's a lot of hype in our space. There's a lot of fluff, vaporware, fake products. What we do is exercise discernment in terms of which projects we're willing to take on. And we focus on how do we actually connect these products with the users that would use them if only they knew about them. And then how do we scale that? How do we reach the next group of users, the next group of users so that we're living in reality and we're getting real users for products and not believing in the projects with fake followers, fake hype, buying this, buying that, keeping our heads down and following that lean startup methodology. That's how some of these products with real staying power last cycle over cycle. Right. And you know, it's great that you see the whole kind of space, the whole kind of digital assets, the web three, the crypto kind of space over the past few years that you've been working in this area has just been. A decade. Oh yeah, almost a decade. It has really been going up and if anything, it's actually, you know, been more widely adopted by various jurisdictions and things. I suppose the challenges when I'm talking about is exactly the kind of things that you're talking about. You know, the fluff, the projects are not quite real and, you know, being involved in this kind of sector, you know, we are all, you know, preaching to the converted almost. You've got like the audience here, a lot of them are incredibly, you know, familiar and, you know, you know, really in depth kind of knowledge in this kind of space as well. But I suppose to the average kind of retail, you know, retail investor as well as other kind of people who are not so deeply embedded, it's still seen as like a real challenge actually to try and discern that. As it should be, right? And not to monopolize, but when you look at a project, what's their plan as they grow? Who are they going to need to sell to as they grow? Is the answer at some point retail? And if it is, are you deserving of retail? Should a retail customer actually be part of what you're building? And the answer is yes, if you're building a technology that lets people do something that they care about, that they weren't previously able to do, and if you actually get product market fit for the thing that you're building. So I think instead of merely focusing on hype and narrative, intertwining that with a real product vision that's worthy down the road of real retail adoption, I think retail will care about crypto projects that deserve retail caring about them and that also have great messaging and comms and marketing paired together. Right. So basically, you know, good, sensible research and, you know, doing your own due diligence into any kind of project. I'm going to jump to you, Edith. You know, on the investment side, you were an early investor in, you know, some really successful, you know, crypto, web three kind of companies, including Stella, including Solana. So from an investor kind of perspective, you know, you're looking at these different kinds of companies, how important is that whole marketing, branding, building the community? You know, that side of things? How do you look at that as a potential kind of company, you know, investing in these kinds of companies and how you prioritize those kind of opportunities? I think it's great to hear that Amanda being very selective of the type of project that she works with. Yeah. From an investor point of view, I was actually thinking through about your questions. I think six years ago, I actually put out a report. It's on SlideShare, literally, how do we pick a token project? So there's like 10 things that I listed just to just to start with is what's the purpose of your token? A lot of time, there's a lot of honestly shitcoin that's out there. There's no particular reason why they even exist to begin with. So this really kind of think through why do you need to exist? Like who else are working on similar projects? Frankly, there's a lot of there's already Ethereum, there's great L1. Do we need another one? And really kind of think through what's the purpose? What's your team? Like who are the competitors is already there. And so from my investor point of view, at the end of the day, it's really like we at Race Capital, we focus on early stage. And when we invested in Solana, it's really just an idea. And so in that sense, at the end of the day is really thinking through learning about how the founder think through, not just for, because you can always find a man for help in terms of marketing. But what we cannot fix is good engineers that really wanted to build something long term. It's easy to get a lot of followings and pretend that you wanted to make it big. But at the end of the day, it's really about like the core engineers. Are they really there? Wanted to build something that matters. So for us as investors, and I've been talking to quite a few investors, actually not investors, founders in Asia. And I found out that there's quite a lot of investors that are very, very short in terms of their fund life cycle. So they want to have like certain sort of token economics so they can sell early. This is definitely not the case for most of the US investor that I met is all about long term. So we definitely want to when we study not only just about the founder, how they think about marketing or the purpose of the token, but we also pay close attention to the token economics to get a better sense of, hey, if most of the team basically can get out in two years, we stay as far away from it as possible. Because it's this little thing that really signal would this team even want to have the motivation to continue to work on this longer term. And that's what we're about. Anyway, I think, particularly for brand and marketing, I guess in this case, if Amanda choose to work with them, they probably are great projects that will pay closer attention to it. But for us, it's really the engineering and the founder that matter the most. Right. And, you know, I suppose for a lot of the kind of Web3 kind of projects, the community building aspect is also quite important as well, isn't it? Because oftentimes you're trying to get traction, you're trying to get more kind of adoption by various kind of people as well. Yeah, for sure. And I guess it's great to see your following on Twitter, on Telegram and whatnot. But to us, when we evaluate a project because we're so early, what we care about is actually looking at your code base, test it. And I think, you know, building community takes time. Yeah. And a lot of time when we talk to the founders, you're not here to build a one hit wonder movies. It's really a soap opera with many, many chapters. Chapter one, you don't need to kind of show off the enchilada for your entire story. That's why it takes time to build a community. And it's completely okay not to have a big following on day one. And that's why you work with great people to slowly build up. We're very, very patient in terms of investment. So it's really not about getting there from day one. Yeah. That's actually a great, fantastic analogy when we're talking about, you're not trying to make a movie, you're basically trying to, you know, make a series and with staying power. And that's what you're basically judging the, you know, the potential kind of success of a company on. Amanda, you've written a book on Web3 marketing, haven't you? I mean, it was seen as though the world's first kind of marketing book on Web3. Tell us a little bit more about that. What is the difference between like, for example, marketing on, you know, regular digital marketing versus digital marketing for Web3 companies? We've got Web3 companies here, you know, what should they be doing? I'll start with that marketing is the art of making possible things happen. And so it's the technology that makes it possible. So it needs to be really great engineering, a great product, interesting, differentiated in the market. And then is when you add marketing to accelerate something that was always possible to make happen. So picking a good project to market, I think, is the best step. Then the book, really the difference between Web3 marketing and Web2 is the audience that you're marketing projects too. For most projects, you don't want to be people's first experience in Web3. There are exchanges that are very specialized in onboarding new people into Web3, giving people their first on-chain experiences. They spend millions and millions of dollars on that. You don't want to do that. You want to, if you have a Web3 user flow, you want to meet users that have already bought a token, that have already joined a community, that have already contributed. So you grab people on the other side of that first-time onboarding. And that's a very specific audience to talk to. They're concentrated on very specific channels. You'll notice, you know, CoinDesk consensus. Crypto media is different from any other industry's media. People really pay attention to the news. And I think the news coverage in our space is actually excellent compared to non-crypto technology news, frankly, which is a lot more negative, unnecessarily, I feel, and adversarial. And I think that in our space, the journalists are really just trying to help people make good decisions when it comes to technology, when it comes to investment. And then actual audience members are very densely clustered on crypto channels because of the economic incentives are really there to pay attention. And so what we've found is actually with AI clients, with biotech clients, we will market those clients on crypto channels because crypto audiences are more densely clustered and they're paying attention. And we're all holistic people. We're all interested in crypto, but we're also interested in other things. And it's actually easier to reach crypto people because we're more clustered because of those incentives than any of these other technology communities. So it's a very special group of people. And reaching them is very specific memes, very specific culture, specific knowledge, events. But the marketing protocol is always the same whether you're in Web 2 or Web 3. You figure out what your product is, who your audience is, what channels they're paying attention to, and then you craft that message. You play it on those channels. You measure data. You try things out. You rinse repeat. And that's the same no matter what you're doing. The book is now out in Mandarin. So the book came out for the first time in English in 2023. A Chinese publisher actually licensed it recently, and it was just published last week in Mandarin. I have a tweet about it. If you look at Amanda.eth, I have a tweet pretty high up with some links for where you can get it in China. Fantastic. So, you know, we've got more people who can learn from your experience in this kind of area. And it's a good point you're mentioning, isn't it? I mean, we're talking about, even though we're talking about different types of projects, the fundamentals remain the same in that you are still trying to, you know, having to have a clear idea about who you're marketing to, the audience segmentation, how do you actually reach out to those kind of people. And if anything, because of the denseness, as you mentioned, of the people within, you know, certain channels as well, sometimes you can do it even cost more cost effectively, you think, because of that. All your users are clustered into very specific channels. So, Edith, I'm going to talk to you about this. And, you know, it's more about, you know, we've heard about the kind of fraud that's being going in this kind of space as well, this Web3 space. What kind of strategies do Web3 companies, what can they do to try and build and maintain trust, actually, with their users, with investors? And how can they basically differentiate themselves to an audience that may not be as savvy, you know, about, you know, doing the right kind of research? You know, how do you actually advise those kind of companies? Yeah, I think we have seen a lot of some projects will get celebrity endorsement. Yeah. And when that happened, I actually like to stay as far away from that as possible. I'm not saying that it's a bad thing, but if it's when your project first starting out, which is when we usually invest, your seed round, if you're thinking a little bit too much about marketing, is actually a negative. I would rather you have a marketing advisor to help you think through this. More or less, it's because the stage that we're involved in is so early. I really would rather, when we talk to the founder, they laser focus on building the product first. So then we have a very constructive conversation rather than, I would rather they say, you know what, I don't know marketing, I really need help and work with the experts. And but really, when you talk to investor, what we look for is very different from what retail investor look for. Because for us is, the number one thing is that I would rather, when it was the first time I'm meeting you as a founder, I really want rather, what's the purpose of the token? What technology you building? Really, like kind of talk through the actual code than the actual strategy for campaign. Right. Because most of the time, because our focus is infrastructure projects. And it's thinking through what are some of the use cases, what sort of developers that you see that were built on on your whatever you're working on, rather than, hey, I'm thinking about campaign one, two, three, four, five, and that scares us. So you really end of course, as I mentioned earlier, token economics actually really matter quite a bit, because you want to show the fact that you're there for the long term. So there's like a lot of small signals that for us, that we pay close attention to, we want to make sure that you're there for the long term, that's key for us. Right. And just staying with you, Edith, you've been investing in both in the US markets, you've also got experience in Asian markets and Hong Kong and China from your 500 startups kind of rolled before as well. How do you see the Web3 landscape evolving in these different kind of regions and especially with Hong Kong's push to become a major Web3 hub? Edith I'm born and raised in Wan Chai, particularly. And I find every single excuse to come back and support. I'm so excited you actually moved here. I think for me it's interesting. I think Asia particularly have tons of talents, particularly in Hong Kong. I basically sort of look at Hong Kong as sort of like the New York of Asia. Exchange Square is like Wall Street. And so you see the whole, literally so many TreadFi, DeFi talent that came from the traditional finance world. If you're working in this area, you have tons of really interesting talent that you can recruit and hire and you don't need to teach them the basic of finance. And so in that sense, I think Hong Kong play a very interesting role. But I do think that, particularly from the NFT or gaming, TreadFi, TreadFi, DeFi, these are, Hong Kong is a hot spot. I think in the US we see more infrastructure type developers that we, like I mainly spend most of my time in San Francisco Bay Area. You see a lot of those talent there. So Asia and America is very different. But having said that, I think it was very exciting. Now US finally is slowly turning around. And who knows, like with Trump 2.0, there now there's David Sachs, which is the AI crypto star. And I had high hopes, but I think the rest of the world still sort of hang on to it and see what is there going to be a Bitcoin reserve? What's not a policy for stablecoin? But I do think things are going in the right direction. Hong Kong, surprisingly, is actually the first city that in Asia that have Bitcoin ETF, first city that have, you know, crypto exchange license and stablecoin license. There are three. It's very, very exciting to be here. And I think that we need to be in the US, we need to be in Hong Kong, and really continue to make sure that if you're building an international and global startup, you need to in both places to make sure that you can really capture users worldwide. And yeah, it's fantastic, Amanda, that you've moved to Hong Kong. And you know, what were the reasons why you set up serotonin here and, you know, that you physically moved here? What drove you to do something like this? So serotonin is about 110 people. The bulk of the team is in the US. We were founded in the US. And we're already well known there and as big as the market allows us to be. And same in Europe. We have a really big presence in Europe. Right. And so for us, it's about becoming a truly scaled global company, which required coming to Asia. Right. And so that's kind of our company journey into Asia. And we've hired people not only here in Hong Kong, but also Singapore, Korea, Japan. We're looking at various projects in Vietnam, in Indonesia, Malaysia. So India, we've hired a bunch of people. So it's really about serotonin coming to Asia. Serious crypto projects need strategies for each of the major APAC markets. If you've raised $50 million, $100 million, and you don't have an India strategy, and you don't have a strategy for the Mandarin speaking market, and you don't have a strategy for Japan, Korea. You need those. And so we've been helping a lot of global projects actually enter the various Asian markets. And my colleague here, Caroline, is going to be doing a talk tomorrow on some of our strategies for market entry in each of those areas. So we've been helping a lot of global players enter. And then we've been working with projects that are local to each of those markets with local product market fit to help them go global. Right. Because if you do have local product market fit, you're really likely to be able to apply that somewhere else. Well, I'll give you some stats. So 56% of venture dollars went to crypto companies headquartered in the US last year, 11% to UK, which is second highest, 7% to Singapore, third highest, 4% to Hong Kong, fourth highest. That's still really significant. And Hong Kong's great for me. And it was my choice of where I wanted to spend the most time because I think it's a great place to live. It has beautiful culture. It has great weather. It has wonderful people, people that are excited about technology, the New York of Asia. So that kind of factored into my decision. But I think there are a lot of places that would like to be hubs for this technology. Mm-hmm. And just actually walk us through a project. You're helping. You've selected a company and they are already operational. They are already making revenue. How would you go about actually helping them to scale on a global basis when they've already got that local market fit, as you mentioned? I'll give you an example that we've worked with, which is Galaxy. They started when they came to us as one of the leading Quest platforms and already had a lot of really great partnerships. We help them update their branding to be more global friendly so that it would resonate with more different audiences, especially in the West who saw their branding. We help facilitate partnerships with various ecosystems also in our network and help them project those to the media in the States and in Europe, as well as here. And it's gone incredibly well. They're wonderful partners. They're launching their chain, Gravity, at this point. And they're a real case study in something with local traction, local product market fit that's done a wonderful job going global. And we were happy to be helpful as part of that story. The media climate just is really different in terms of how it works in the Western markets versus Asia. KOL strategies really originated in Asia, conversely, and leaked into the rest of the market. So there's a lot of cross-pollination. Right. And is the KOL kind of approach not something that you particularly want to look at as well, Edith? I am definitely not expert. That's why you need to talk to Amanda. It really depends on what you do, actually. I think different type of project have different kind of KOL. So it really depends. I don't think there's really like same marketing strategy or branding strategy. It's not one size fit all. How you go to market as an infrastructure project, very different from gaming, very different than NFT or Minkoin or exchanges. So every single one, at the end of the day, I think it really depends. The founders need to have a very clear what KPI that matters and adjust your marketing strategy and branding strategy based on what you work on. Right. The answer to most marketing questions is it depends. Right. Right. I mean, yeah, absolutely. The stages that are in, what kind of businesses are in, absolutely. You know, Edith just carrying on a little bit more, you know, you frequently speak on venture capital and technology investment landscape. What kind of advice would you give to Web3 founders, you know, who are seeking funding on how to pitch their vision, how to get your attention, and basically, you know, reach out and get investment from investors? I was talking to a founder earlier in the audience, and it's interesting that I get in the crypto world, everybody sort of travel a lot as nomad. I completely get that. But having said it, as I kind of talked to the founder earlier, if you are a US project and wanted to raise US investment, and in particular for early stage, I completely get it. Like you are traveling everywhere. But if you have one users or customers in Africa, one in Europe, one in the US, and you're a team of two, it's very difficult for a US investor to wrap our head around, wait, how are you going to scale that? You literally need to wake up like 24 by 7 to be able to support your customer. So if you're early stage, stay focused and zoom in to very specific use case with, if you're raising from US, then unfortunately, American is very, they, they, not everybody would travel that much. So if you have US customer, we get it. If you focus on Europe, Europe, if you Asia focus, then work with the local Asian partners. So then your local investor will appreciate this. So really need to kind of think through your company strategy to have your marketing strategy that match with that, particularly for earlier stage, if you have raised $100 million, sure, go conquer the world. But if you're just starting out, please stay focused. So basically, keep your head down and just focus on building that business, you know, finding those customers as opposed to being, you know, trying to be all things to all people effectively. Amanda, I'm going to sort of like, you know, end with you actually and ask you a question. You know, a lot of the companies that you're working with, obviously, the regulatory kind of environment really plays into those different kind of locations. And as the marketing partner, you know, the advisor, how do you actually get deep within all these different locations and regulatory aspects and what you can and can't do in terms of, you know, raising a company's profile? Amanda, 100%. So we don't market tokens, we only ever market products. And so talking about tokens and token price is not a good idea in under most regulatory regimes, as it should be. Amanda, 100%. Right. And it's also a bad way to market your product. So we don't do it anyway. And because we don't do it anyway, we don't really need to look. Amanda, 100%. Oh, right. Okay. Amanda, 100%. Yeah. Amanda, 100%. Because if you're marketing technology, that's a fine thing to do anywhere. And we get our projects from VCs mostly, ones that we really love and trust, that have great due diligence arms, that we kind of outsource our diligence process to some of the firms like the A16Zs of the world that send us business. We do our own round on them. Or if they didn't come in through VC, we'll diligence them and make sure it's technology that we really care about. And then we'll focus on marketing the tech. And our belief, and this has been validated, is that the ecosystems that survive and thrive through multiple cycles, they get product market fit, they get actual fees, they get actual users, they build real communities of people that want to use them. And the token and the token price will follow that. And so we don't market the token. And so we don't really get very close to the kinds of things that regulatory regimes are concerned or negative about. Yeah, very intentionally. Right. Okay. I mean, it's a very interesting way to look at it. I mean, certainly from someone who's much more of a layman in terms of marketing. It's like, if we were hired, and we don't work on normal tech, but if we were hired by Apple, I wouldn't market Apple stock. No, I would market the Apple laptop. I would market the iPhone. But what if, you know, the, you know, that the stock was the product? Then we don't market meme coins. Okay. That's the, that's the case where the stock is the product, right? And we market things where, like Apple, like Microsoft, there's a stock, there's a token, there, there may be something like that. But we focus on getting products fit and actual users and actual volume and have people find out about things that work. Right. Okay. So thank you ever so much, Amanda and Ida. Thank you so much for the insights. Thank you, Jane. I really appreciate your time and just sharing with the audience, you know, some of your expertise as well. Thank you so much. Thank you, Jane.