 Music Guys, thanks for having me. Just as a quick introduction, I've been building in this space since 2017. I discovered Bitcoin back then, and I developed an arbitrage bot, and we were arbitraging the Korean and U.S. market for quite some time. So that was quite successful. And this was actually during my time when I was at J.P. Morgan. I was there for just under 10 years as the head of Asia-Pacific Risk Management, looking after their payment system. So I developed a majority of the payment systems that the bank currently uses today. I left a couple of years ago, and we went full-time into blockchain, and we've been building Notepay for the last three years. So really, just to share a bit about our journey, we raised our first round in January 2022. So this was the start of the last crypto winter, and I would say it's been challenging. And I think there's been a lot of lessons learned in my last three years of building in the space, and we raised our pre-seed round really with just an idea and concept. And it was luckily Animoca Brands, who our lead investor, they invested in us, introduced us to quite a number of investors to really build out on my idea and strategy. And luckily enough, I was actually at ConsenSys in Austin May of last year when I pitched at the startup Pitchfest. I actually didn't do so well. I froze on stage, but coming into 10 months later, since Austin, I guess just to share, we had launched Notepay just initially in April. I presented in May, and we were at about 110,000 users on our network. We had about 50,000 or 60,000 users on our social. And fast forward 10 months, we're currently at 2.1 million total users across our platform. Of that, 1.6 million verified, fully on-chain wallets connected to our platform across 180 countries. So we did a 20x on our user base since we launched the network in April 2024. So really what Notepay does is our users run a piece of software or a node in the form of a Chrome browser extension. That gives us access to the unused internet bandwidth, which we use to retrieve data real-time across the web. And we take that data and we present it back to essentially our users as information intelligence. So really from a use case and application perspective, there's really three things that we do really well. One is that we retrieve high-quality data for companies as well as users who are looking to train their AI models that's looking for real-time data. And we do that on a constant basis. We bring that data in-house, we index it, and we present it back as an intelligence to improve AI training for the models that they're building. Secondly, we take that data and we actually, we're building our own information platform. And this is really our intelligence platform where users will be able to search really anything related to Web3, be able to provide you with the most up-to-date information regarding the sector. And we use essentially our proprietary data sets in addition to other data sets to provide you with that intelligence. On top of that, the network is actually powered by all of the users. So every single user that runs our node is incentivized because we leverage essentially their bandwidth. Whoever contributes to the network is rewarded from our token. I'm just going to share essentially our data retrieval infrastructure and how that works. So Node Collect essentially is our data retrieval infrastructure. You're able to use natural language form whereby you can request any type of data set that you need. We route that across the global nodes and we essentially scrape the data, create a data set ready for essentially AI training. This is also pushed back into our data engine for our information intelligence platform. Once the information has come, this is what you can actually provide and access. So anything regarding sentiment analysis, like token price, project information, we're collecting. So we've got quite a number of data sources that we're collecting at the moment and we're actually able to present you really a dashboard format on anything that's current, right? And obviously, this is the intelligence that we believe everyone really needs to have that edge in the current environment. We did list quite successfully exactly 31 days ago on all major T1 exchanges. So we listed five hours before Trump listed his coins. So it wasn't the best timing for us, but I guess it was quite successful. We did hit close to 400 mil FTV on the day. We did have a in the last 30 days, it's been challenging environment, but we are recovering on the price on the price perspective. And I guess, you know, where we see the future of AI, we do want to be in the space whereby we are providing the foundational infrastructure. Anything that, you know, where we see the movement of AI, whether it be agentic AI or physical AI, at the end of the day, they're still going to need the data, they're still going to need intelligence, and that's essentially what we're aiming to provide through our network. So any companies, founders, that's really, that's working in the AI space or the data space that's looking for intelligence, come work with us. Yeah, we're more than happy to work with you guys. Thank you. Thank you.