 ZAEY MASSARI Thank you for joining us today. My name is ZAEY MASSARI. I'm the moderator of this panel. It's a panel that is very interesting and important to us at LightSpark. We're a company that's building modern open payments on the Bitcoin Lightning Network. I think for all of us building payments in this industry, the focus is very different. Our approach has to be very different. The business is very different when you're supporting payments use cases rather than token trading use cases. And I'm super, super excited to be here with some of our really wonderful partners, to be partners to talk about how we build open payments for modern use cases on crypto technology. So we, of course, at LightSpark focus on Bitcoin and Bitcoin Lightning. We will hit on a few other approaches, including stable coins. But really, this is an opportunity for all of us, me included, to hear from some of the work that our partners are doing to serve use cases in very different jurisdictions for different kinds of customers, doing payments in a faster, better, and open way using crypto. So without further delay, let me ask each of my panelists, Sebastian, Jen, and Gabrielle, to introduce themselves and their companies, and maybe just a few comments about how you think about your business use cases for payments. Sebastian Serrano, CEO and founder of Ripio. We're one of the first crypto companies in Latin America. Our platform reaches over 20 million users. Our main countries are Argentina and Brazil, but we also operate in Colombia, Mexico, Uruguay, Chile. We also have a money transmission license in Florida. And in Latin America, the main use case today is stable coins. Like 80% of our volume is around stable coins. And a lot of that use is on payments and cross-border payments. And I think, like, more and more crypto is competing with traditional forms of making payments. It's faster, it's cheaper, it works 24-7, there's no holidays. And that has been a use case that has been growing constantly. And I think it's something that the crypto is going to start to see more and more. The trading and speculation is part of the business, but that is something that is extremely cyclical. And use cases like payments are this type of use cases that are constant, that they have started to prove product market fit, and are becoming more and more part of like a key part of our business. And Sebastian, sorry, before we go to Jen. Sebastian, is most of your payments flow today retail and consumer, or is it businesses as well? So we have a retail business that we started as the first wallet in Argentina. And the retail business has over 3 million users, and it's very meaningful. And in there, there is a lot of stable coin trading. But then our B2B today is larger. And we now give service to more than 2,000 companies that trade with us through our OTC or use our APIs and crypto service offering, like companies like Mercado Libre or Bank Itaú, which is two very large companies in the region. So we have both. But today, the B2B business is becoming more larger and more meaningful. Thank you. Jen. Jen Bilango. I'm the country manager of Coins.ph. We were founded about 10 years ago. So we're one of the first licensed crypto exchange in Southeast Asia. Our business is actually built 50-50. So we run a crypto exchange. But at the same time, we run your typical fiat wallet. So think of it as your PayPal equivalent or an e-wallet in the Philippines. Right now, we operate in about four countries. Philippines, Thailand, Australia, and Brazil. But where we really focus on and what the original founding idea of Coins is, when we saw Bitcoin, when the founders saw Bitcoin, it was a peer-to-peer payment system. And Philippines, as you know, just a little bit of a background, Philippines is one of the biggest remittance countries in the world. About 10% of our population work overseas. So the biggest problem for our population is basically the cost of sending that money back home. At that time, there was no technology that allows us to, you know, utilize Bitcoin as a way for us to transfer money because it's just so expensive. But, you know, over time, we've seen that flow grow and different ways in which people attack that problem. But we're very excited to how the space evolves. As Sebastian mentioned, we're not just focused on crypto trading. So since we have distribution in the Philippines, about 18 million users, which utilizes us for pay bills, etc. We have transformed the business in which we have a remittance arm. And we also have the crypto business. So we see that slowly evolve. And I think that is something that, you know, can do 100 or 1000x in our industry and makes it more prevalent than, you know, the usual meme coin trading. We'll have a flash round at the end to talk about meme coin. I feel like that's the flavor of the day. Gabriel, we'd love to hear your perspective in Europe. Yeah, sure. And thanks for having us, Jay. Yeah, I'm Gabriel. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Ercol. Ercol started as a market maker and liquidity provider merely for institutions. So as an OTC electronic trading platform, right? At some point, we were getting a bit frustrated with the use case we were facilitating. And we realized that the biggest use case in crypto, the only the stuff that has product market fit is especially cross border payments. So we decided to double bet on cross border payments. We are facilitating billions of volume right now. We're acting as a sort of digital correspondent in Europe. And so you can have great pricing when it comes to our ramp and off ramp since we come from that background. But then you can have you can facilitate third party payments both out or in collection, right? We don't do remit. I mean, we don't act as a player with we don't trade with retails. We just act as an infrastructure player for fintech that do remittances or we go to work with corporates, especially commodity traders. Those are the players that face some issues and they are really sensitive when it comes to cross border payments because they commonly trade with emerging markets. And, you know, when you are trading commodities, you are really exactly time sensitive because if the payment is not arriving in time and is not deterministic, you're going to as a buyer of commodity, you're going to face, you know, immense cost in terms of edging. You're going to pay the ship in the port because the ship is not leaving the port and et cetera. Right. And so the the the finality and the latency of the payment is something really important. We see that as a foundation layer of this global trade, because we believe on top of that, thanks to programmability of, let's say, blockchain settlement layer where we're working on, you can start developing some trade finance solutions that can facilitate more. So, we're going to be able to do a lot of the use cases. Thank you. I think what's interesting about each of our panelists and what they explained is very different regions, also very different use cases. You know, whether it's supporting remittance payments, business payments in LATAM, commodities trading related payments in the EU. But still, it seems like you all have identified a particular opportunity to improve the existing payment rails. And this is a topic that we at LightSpark think about all the time. I think one aspect of the payment rails that is close to the technologist's heart are the actual blockchains, the programmability of those chains, how they work, why they're trustless. But another really important piece is about all of the other scaffolding that comes with use cases beyond trading, that is payments, right? If you're supporting trading services, it really is relatively simple. It can be complicated, but relatively simple. You have to support the ability of your customers to buy and sell crypto. But for payments, I think there are lots of other considerations and a scaffolding. It's a compliance scaffolding, a legal scaffolding, a technological scaffolding that in the real competitive world for traditional payments has been built up over hundreds of years by banks, by infrastructure players, by credit card companies. And so for each of you, maybe we'll go in reverse order for fun. Sebastian can wait for some time and think of his answer this time. Maybe each of you could tell us a little bit about some of the challenges you see in what I would describe as leveling up crypto to support mainstream use cases, whether it's on the business to business payment side or on the consumer payment side. Gabriel, please. Yeah, sure. I feel like you are precisely, you know, addressing the point. I feel like regulation and compliance is something that we need to really focus on in order to develop these open payments systems. So on the regulation side, it's not sufficient to have a VASP license. For example, in Europe, you need to have the MECA license, right? That's not sufficient because if you're acting as a payment facilitator, you want to give a smooth experience to your clients. And so you need to be able to do third party payout and collection, right? In order to do that, you need to have a payment institutional license. And so that's a bit even more difficult than traditional MECA license. On the other side, when it comes to compliance and anti-money laundering, that's key as well, right? So you have travel rules, which is not that easy to implement. It can, you know, comes with a certain type of technology burden. You need to manage that. And then you have a certain type of standardization you want to have, right? Because if you want to trade with all the OTC desks and payment facilitators around the world, you want to give to your clients the possibility to do one onboarding and then having a smoothless experience everywhere, right? But everyone has its own IML policy and everyone needs to know who's the sender of a payment, right? So what we're trying to do is standardizing the compliance and every counterparty we face is going to share the documentation in line with the terms and conditions for sure that the client submit. And so you can have this sort of circuit with standardized compliance that helps the client to have a smooth payment experience everywhere in the globe, right? And on the last point again, which is about it's half regulation and half compliance, especially on the commodity trading side. When you are a player acting in the global trade, you have some sort of taxes when you go to the, you know, the borders and et cetera. You want to get a refund of the VAT. But in order to get this refund, you want to have, you're going to have the, you know, the purchase agreement, the invoice, and then you need the payment, the payment invoice. It needs to match to reconcile with the documents you are, you have it, right? And in order to have that, you need to have the sender name in the payment invoice and the receiver name in the payment invoice. And if there are a lot of intermediaries, such as OTC desks, et cetera, you may have issues in having directed that. So even working on that side and the compliance side is, is key. That's, that's, that's the way we are saying this. Yeah, it's funny. We were chatting before and it strikes me. I'm a lawyer. So of course I adore this aspect of the business, but, um, this is not like the sexiest parts of building crypto products, right? This is the, like really down to the brass tacks of what information is required when, how can people get comfortable in cross border environments? Um, you know, who has to onboard which customer? Um, and it's, uh, you realize how fragmented the world still is in terms of, um, payments. But Jen, I'd love to hear your perspective as well. Yeah. Um, just to add on to, uh, what Gabrielle mentioned, so obviously, um, um, compliance, AML regulation are key components of that scaffolding, as you mentioned, right? Uh, payments is actually somewhat, somewhat electricity for businesses, right? For, for anyone who participates, if it's not that you just, it just is, it just works. We don't know how it works, but when it doesn't work, it's really frustrating. Everything in the lifeblood of what we do really makes it frustrating. So not just on the AML and regulation, which, uh, incentivizes more people to join because once there's clarity, um, you can get, uh, more, um, institutional adoption, um, join. Uh, but beyond that, and to, to add to what he mentioned, there's also, um, the exchange portion, right? Right. So, um, not only are you transferring money, you know, we have multiple currencies in, in multiple, um, countries. So therefore you need to make sure that the FX rate is, uh, the liquidity is there to absorb the, um, to absorb the transfers. And at the same time, make it seamless and make it more competitive than what traditional FX markets are. Um, so that's, has been a, for a US dollar stable coin, that is primarily easy because people just, um, are used to, um, using dollar as a reserve currency and as a middle currency for any trade. But for, uh, third currencies, uh, for example, in Southeast Asia, there's a lot of trade going on in, uh, different countries, but we always, you know, there's always dollar in the middle, right? Um, and if you remove that, and if you really want it as seamless between different countries, then that becomes a problem, right? Because, um, now you see one or 2%, and most of the players would say, how are you different from my usual, um, you know, FX, um, arm? So I think that's the, uh, another portion we're in, I think, um, stable coin to some extent will solve, but not entirely, right? And that's, I think what, um, LightSpark, um, is quite interesting in, in terms of addressing because Bitcoin is just something that is highly tradable in different countries and it's addressed by, um, exchanges like us. Um, and lastly, to the point of, um, people who are, um, um, um, you know, FX is a big portion of it. And lastly, people who are able to participate in it, right? So how easy it is, user-friendly it is. Um, if you tell even a treasurer of a company and say, remember, 20 digits, random digits, is what you'll send to the wallet address. Um, and most of these guys are probably like 20, 30 years in the business. So they're probably 50 years old, 60 years old. It's just so difficult for them to, uh, so what chain is it? So the user experience is very clunky. So, um, solutions like, you know, that's why it was quite interesting, universal money address kind of solves that in a way we're in. People are not, you know, used to remembering a bunch of random numbers. But if I say, okay, send it to Jen.coins.ph, it instantly clicks. So you onboard, um, mass users and you, it's easy for you to kind of, uh, you know, onboard more users. So the user experience is also important. Um, and it removes, um, mistakes that could be because of how difficult it is and, you know, crossing and all those stuff. That's such a great answer, Jen. Um, and we'll talk a little bit more about LightSpark's UMA protocol and some of the things we're building and why we're thinking about Bitcoin the way we are. But, um, what I love about your comments is they're very different from Gabriel's, right? He's focused on business to business payments with, um, the sort of ticky tacky informational requirements. And you as a crypto, starting as a crypto exchange, servicing retail customers and their payments experience have to think really deeply about UI UX. How hard is this going to be for customers? And then as you move away from the crypto exchange piece, trying to get to a user experience that is like a very modern payments experience today. And those two things can be quite different. We're all used to copying, pasting our blockchain addresses into our unhosted wallets. Like I get it, but that's not going to fly for, for mainstream payments use cases. Um, Sebastian, I'd love to hear your perspective if you have, uh, to add to that. Um, I think something that is also going to start to happen is, um, all the, all the points are also great before, but I think something that's going to start to happen is the stable coins are not going to be enough to solve payments. So they already provide a lot of the infrastructure to do, um, cross border payments and like they're fast. The finality is seconds. It works every day. Um, there is like, or, or using Bitcoin, there is a big liquidity and like it's Bitcoin trading is super deep. So you can have like really good pricing when you're transferring using, using Bitcoin. Um, but we're going to start to have things that the need more into the protocols. Like for example, one that is coming really soon is like almost every country is going to be enforcing travel rule to all busps. Um, and then you need that information to flow. Uh, when, when, when a, when a payment is, is happening. So that, that, that I think is something great about, uh, the woman protocol on light spark is that there is like these elements that are going to start to become required on every payment. And that, that, that extra information that has to go with the money because you not only have a month of flow of money, you also have a flow of information that has to go together with, with a payment. And I think that that is great from light spark. Thank you. I think so too. Um, just to give the audience a little bit of background, um, as we were building our lightning payments technology stack as the way to move Bitcoin quickly over the lightning network between payment counterparties. Um, we started to think about all of the messaging that was required to coordinate payments, um, both from a compliance perspective, also from a commercial perspective. Um, and we built the UMA protocol. Um, it's an open source protocol. Anyone can use it, um, to facilitate the full range of messaging that's going to be required for all payments. Sebastian's your point. The travel rule is coming online. Um, the UMA protocol enables a point to point secure encrypted transmission of travel rule information from regulated institutions. Um, that I think is a better way than either trying to encode the information on chain, which leads to problems, um, or like having some kind of centralized repository for that information, I think can also lead to some cumbersome and inefficient results. And so we've tried to upfront solve travel rule, solve commercial messaging, and solve compliance messaging, um, for lightning payments. And that all exists today and is available today. Um, I think also another really important point is the sort of complementarity of stable coins and Bitcoin for payments. Um, ours is a Bitcoin system. Um, stable coins are great. Um, I'm a long time stable coin aficionado myself, but I think Bitcoin can serve a use case that's quite different than stable coins because it doesn't have to be fiat denominated. Um, so with that very long preamble, I think it would be really great Sebastian and Jen to hear from you in particular about how you've seen, um, the lightning solution and the UMA solution sort of work in, in the wild for your business and for your customers. Sebastian, maybe I'll, I'll start with you. Yeah. I, I, I more and more we're seeing like more lightning network payments. Uh, this is something that is still growing from a small numbers, but it's growing exponentially. Um, most users right now, the Bitcoin transactions have become, um, expensive for most of our users for, for the amounts that they are transferring. So they are moving into lightning network. Um, I think like OMA also solves a lot of the UI and UX for, for the, for the user is a lot more memorable and that is, uh, growing, uh, every, every month and every day. And I, and I think it's going to become like, uh, something a lot, a lot more common. I also think like there is a lot of innovation on top of Bitcoin lately and that there is a research of, of, of innovation on top of the, on top of the Bitcoin blockchain. Um, so I think we're going to see a lot more use cases that purely native, uh, Bitcoin transfers on top of lighting and on top of, uh, on top of the, of the Bitcoin blockchain. Um, I think like in the following years, we're also going to see DeFi and like, we're going to see a lot more applications and use cases built on top, on top of Bitcoin that I think is going to integrate with the systems. I think they are, they are, they're gonna, uh, they're gonna evolve. Um, and, and, and, and what, and one thing that I do think about that Bitcoin has as an advantage to stable coins or any other, uh, cryptocurrency is that the liquidity is deeper. Like the deepest liquidity is for Bitcoin. And also it's the most secure network is the, it's the network that has the, uh, well, it's the oldest and it has the, the most, uh, energy behind it. Uh, so like, I think like that's going to be like something that is going to, uh, make it like, uh, extremely relevant. Excellent. Um, to, to add on what, uh, special mentioned. So for us, um, you know, what have the, one of the advantages of becoming part of the, um, LightSpark network is basically we have access to all of the partners and it's just easy. It's just one integration. Um, and we're able to, um, utilize, for example, if, uh, we've piloted something in the Europe, in Europe. So, um, you know, they were looking at an off-ramp partner in the Philippines and basically, um, they work with us. So, um, you know, we, we mimic mainly the flows that we have right now, mimic mainly the, uh, flows to the Philippines, which is small retail users, which, um, historically they are the ones not, um, uh, the banks are not willing to serve because it's small in number, but it's volume, uh, a lot of, uh, transactions. So, um, the, the fees are high, et cetera. But, uh, uh, we, what we have, I think, um, it's cheaper, it's faster, it gets, um, created right away. And some, um, if they prefer to receive their payments in fiat, um, that's something that, uh, we're able to facilitate. So, uh, there's an option, uh, you just use, uh, Bitcoin as a settlement layer, utilizing the debt, et cetera. Um, so that's what we're seeing, um, right now. Uh, we see some invoice payments as well. So we do, um, um, um, we have integrated, um, um, on the data on our, on our stack as well for, for, uh, payments. So that's actually pretty cool. Cause not a lot of, cause we talked to a lot of, uh, chains who are saying they're, um, you know, I'm gonna name names, but, uh, they're, they're big on, uh, payments. But that functionality is, is something that we haven't seen yet. And, um, to what, to what I mentioned earlier is the universal money address. Like it solves a lot of the issues on, okay, what's your, what's your blockchain address? Uh, do I, do I send the test transaction first, right? So it removes all that friction. And once you remove that friction, that makes it more palatable for users to, uh, start and try it out. Those are really interesting, um, comments that go really deep in, into payments. I think one thread that's been running through our conversation are some of the advantages that Bitcoin might have in terms of liquidity. I think there are, there is good stable coin, US dollar stable coin liquidity, um, in some places, but not all places. And Gabrielle, I know you have been thinking a lot about Bitcoin liquidity, um, and how that ties into payments. It would be great to hear how you and Erichel are thinking about that. Yeah, sure. Um, as I was mentioning, we do mostly B2B. So the sides of the trades are pretty relevant, right? And that's, that's why liquidity, it becomes really, really relevant. And the client is really sensible to the, to the execution price, right? And so if you, if you think about that, you're going to realize that sometimes finding the right amount of USDT, it's kind of complex. In fact, you want to do these, let's say these trades in countries that maybe are emerging markets or they can have capital controls, right? And therefore finding a USDT or USD, USDC liquidity is not that easy. Um, uh, second of all, what we are seeing is that there is a lot of momentum around these stable coins. But at the end, when someone is buying a USDC or USDT is buying actually treasury bills, right? And so, uh, there are some countries that are saying, okay, eventually I can issue my own stable coin, even private companies. And I'm going to put my own, uh, bond or my own treasury, you know, inside, inside of this, this stable coins. And this is happening. I mean, uh, two days ago, we, we, we read the news about, um, standard chartered, helping for the issue in the Hong Kong, uh, dollar stable coin, right? Uh, but this is gonna, um, in our opinion, this is gonna result in a dispersion between stable coins and liquidity, right? And so you're gonna have more friction and more execution and trading cost. Uh, whereas Bitcoin is, you know, is neutral. It doesn't have any issue. Uh, you can, you're going to find Bitcoin everywhere and countries don't have any particular counterparty risk issue with, uh, with BTC. On the other side, in the emerging markets, you have, uh, quite a lot of miners because it's common. I mean, uh, some, it's, it's not deterministic, but often the energy is cheaper in these emerging markets, right? So you have these miners and miners, uh, commonly are, uh, sellers. They keep, you know, they are liquidity provider of BTC, right? They have a dollar cost, that dollar fiat-denominated cost to pay salaries, machines, all the, all the infrastructure, but they, they produce BTC and they want to, to sell that, right? And so I feel like at the end, uh, that could be an angle where BTC, uh, can become the last settlement asset between, uh, in the global trade between all the countries. So that's, that's, that's the way we are seeing it. I love that vision. I think it's very much in line with ours, including, um, uh, all of our experiences at LightSpark having tried to build stable coins globally. I think, um, there are a bunch of challenges that, uh, still need to be addressed, including, like, stable coins all have to be fungible with each other for this to work. And I think just from the lawyer's perspective, there's a lot of work before that can really, where, where the user doesn't care whether they're holding USDC, USDT, or standard charters, Hong Kong-based, uh, dollar stable coin. I think, um, there's a lot of lawyer work, uh, to do on that front. We are, um, almost entirely out of time, um, but, uh, I'm going to spring a flash round on you guys. Um, would love to hear just in one or two sentences, what you're most excited about, uh, for your business, um, for payments, for Lightning in the, in the next year or so. Um, I, I, I think we are entering, uh, I hope we're entering an era of productivity into crypto, like less flashy things, hopefully less meme coins, and, and more, more use cases. And I think, like, payments is clearly something that has a lot of, like, it has real product market fit and is constantly growing. And, and I'm excited about that. Um, I hope to see that all payments are set up. Um, and I'm excited because two main themes are coming along quite well, AI and blockchain. So, basically, internet of money, and if you have AI agents doing some, you know, work, et cetera, and, and then, you know, you need to do some validity that it had made its work, then you get the payment via stable coin and it's instant, right? So, I think, I think those two thematically would, uh, do really well. And, you know, I hope, uh, whenever we visit it then five, ten years from now, all of our payments, let's just, uh, via on chain. Uh, I'm actually excited about this fly to quality situation where people started looking to BTC a lot. Um, there are, as Sebastian was mentioning, there are massive investment on layer two and et cetera. So, I feel like we're going to use more and more BTC as the ultimate settlement layer. And then we're going to have, uh, more adoption on lightening that can result also in a Bitcoin yield, native Bitcoin yield, which is something that everyone is trying to get. And, uh, you know, DeFi on BTC and et cetera, where you can trade with each other and pay each other without this counterparty risk that always has been there, right? So, I'm actually super excited about that. I was waiting for that for years and I feel like it's finally getting there. We're getting there. Well, thank you so much, each of you for joining. This is really a fun session for me. I learned a lot as well. And we'll come back next year and see if any of these things have, uh, have come to fruition. Thank you all for attending. Thanks.