 Music It is my great pleasure to be here at Consensus Hong Kong 2025. Let me begin by expressing my heartfelt gratitude to Contest for choosing Hong Kong as the first Asia city for hosting this iconic conference. Your decision underscores Hong Kong's growing prominence as a global hub for web-free and crypto innovation. This event also reflects our commitment to building a thriving digital asset ecosystem. Consensus 2025 is a congregation of web-free talent from around the world, and its agenda reflects the most pressing topics and trends in the web-free area. From the convergence of AI and blockchain to the tokenization of real-world assets, RWA, crypto and consumers defined 2.0. The discussions here are set to shape the future landscape of digital finance and the digital economy. One of the most exciting developments is, of course, the intersection of AI and blockchain, where decentralized AI can unlock many new applications and opportunities. For example, AI can assist blockchain platforms in performing more accurate credit assessments, improving smart contract audits, providing tailored investment advices, and many more. Globally, the application of web-free finance is gaining traction. Blockchain technology, blockchain innovation, not just reduces transaction costs, but also enhances market transparency, and efficiency and accessibility of financial services. Indeed, we are seeing more institutional adoption where traditional banks, asset managers, and brokers increasingly integrate digital assets into their offerings. The benefits are clear. The World Economic Forum, for example, estimates that financial institutions could free up some US$100 billion per year by leveraging the distributed ledger technology for collateral arrangements. Hong Kong, with its advanced financial infrastructure and robust regulatory environment, is at the forefront of this transformation. Hong Kong has already made history by issuing the world's first tokenized government green bonds in 2023, followed by groundbreaking multi-currency issuance in 2024. Beyond finance, Web3 plus AI innovations are inspiring a host of applications in the real economy. From streamlining supply chain management to enhancing game players' experience, and from improving healthcare management to making agricultural and industrial production more intelligent. They are empowering and transforming business operations and public services. Rapid tech innovation does not come without challenges. Often, the progress of innovation outplaces regulatory response, creating gaps that can lead to substantial risks. The fallout from several crypto exchanges' failures in recent years serve as vivid reminders that we must pay attention to market integrity, investor protection, money laundering, and cyber security risks, as financial services continue to innovate and digitalize. On a positive note, history of financial innovation shows that we learn and adapt fast and put in better guardrails and become more resilient. The key to success lies in maintaining an open, fair, balanced, and forward-looking regulatory approach that is conducive to the sustainable and responsible development of financial innovation, including Web3. The key to success is to be a part of the market. This is the path taken by Hong Kong. While some major jurisdictions have recently begun to embrace cryptocurrencies, which has undoubtedly filled a bloom of the crypto market, Hong Kong stands out as a market with consistent, predictable, and forward-looking policies, and a balanced regulatory framework. For innovators and companies committed to building the future of Web3, or financial institutions looking to bridge the traditional and digital finance, Hong Kong is where you want to be. Our regime is premised on the same activity, same risk, same regulation principle, which ensures a level playing field for all market participants. In this regard, Hong Kong has already put in place a licensing regime for digital asset trading platforms. Our Securities and Futures Commission has already issued nine such licenses, with more in the pipeline. We are also advancing on the regulation of stable coins and have introduced the relevant legislation. To facilitate further innovation, regulatory sandboxes have been set up by our regulators to allow innovators to test and refine your ideas, and to get early regulatory feedback. Besides initiatives like the Hong Kong Monetary Authority's project ensemble, are accelerating the development of tokenization ecosystems, covering RWA's fixed income, investment funds, green finance, and trade finance. Indeed, this whole innovation approach and collaborative regulatory mindset are a unique value proposition of Hong Kong to Web3 innovators and participants. AI is constantly evolving and increasingly applied to finance. Its convergence with blockchain will create more use cases, with both new opportunities to be captured and challenges to be addressed. Hong Kong has set out a clear policy on the use of AI in financial services. The government and our financial regulators are working closely with the industry to monitor technology and market development, and establish a transparent supervisory framework. Hong Kong's commitment to Web3 extends beyond regulation. The government and its financial services are working closely with the industry. We are investing heavily in the related infrastructure and talent development. Our cyber-pod and science-pod have become vibrant hubs for Web3 innovation and fintech, while our universities and partnerships with the industry are nurturing generations of blockchain experts. We are also attracting and welcoming top-notch professionals from around the world to come to Hong Kong, to ensure Hong Kong remains at the cutting edge of this technological advancement. The digital asset market today may somewhat resemble the early days of all great transformative paradigms. As new frontiers emerge, there will always be champions of progress and cautious observers. What remains true is that the market ultimately rewards those who dare to innovate, adapt and persevere. The tides of change are upon us, and Hong Kong is ready to ride a wave. As the Web3 ecosystem continues to evolve, Hong Kong will remain a stable, open and vibrant market for digital assets. I am confident that global companies, institutions and talent will join force with us to lead this development. In the next few years, I am confident that many of you will be committed to the future. I am confident that many of you are coming from abroad in thousands of numbers. I urge you, coming here, not just to work, but to enjoy yourself. Perhaps you, you know, we have over 200 Michelin-recommended restaurants, and we don't impose any duty on wine. And Hong Kong has been famous as a shopping paradise. So, apart from that, our countryside, wonderful walking trails are all waiting for you. So enjoy this city and come back more often. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.