 Hello, hello. I'm really excited to be here and talk about next-gen L1s and L2s. My name is Amanda Cassett, aka Amanda.eth on Twitter. I'm the founder and CEO of Serotonin. We bring the world's breakthrough technologies to market. And I'm joined here by an incredible L1 and L2 founder. I'll let you two introduce yourselves. Howard, do you want to start? Sure. I'm Howard. I'm the founder of Alio and the CEO of the Alio Labs company called Provable. I'm Robbie. I'm the founder of Immutable, a one-stop shop, web through gaming platform and L2 built on Ethereum. So let's start at the beginning. Why did you choose to build your own layer when already we have lots of great layer one and layer two blockchains? All right. Where do I begin? So when we first started the company, we actually were looking at building this as a feature on top of Ethereum. Early on when we first started the company, we started on a research paper called Zexi, which stands for Zero Knowledge Executions. And the idea then was really to offer private smart contracts on a blockchain like Ethereum. We talked a lot with the ETH Core Dev team about actually integrating this into a system like that. And ultimately, it became clear that this was cryptographically so different from what existed from the status quo that we functionally needed to build a new L1 in order to house a new system like this. Unlike every other L1 out there today, all chains are public by default. This is the first chain that offers full programmability and private smart contracts and a private by default construct. So you can send a real private transaction on Alia? Exactly. And you think that ZK will never be properly fully integrated into the Ethereum L1? I think there will always be trade-offs at every level of the stack. When you think about it, there's data privacy, there's account privacy, there's function privacy. At every layer from the protocol up to the application, you have a lot of pain points and challenges. Ethereum itself is an account-based model. And so that alone means that you structurally cannot decouple yourself from a privacy standpoint from your own address in terms of how the storage model works. I want to return to the ZK ecosystem and where Alio fits into it. But Robby, I also wanted to ask you the same question. Why build your own L2 when there are L2s already out there on the market? If you actually look, so we launched in 2018 and back then there were very limited options in terms of L1s and L2s. And I remember us sort of, essentially we calculated at one point in order to mint all of the cards from just one season of Gods Unchained, NFTs would have consumed, I think, multiple days of Ethereum block space continuously and just the scale of these assets. And so we obviously developed some optimizations for that. But then we realized this is not going to cut it. We need to actually invest in fundamental scaling architecture, which is why we went with ImmutableX, which was an app-specific ZK-based rollup, and now ImmutableZK-EVM, a sort of completely EVM-compatible ZK rollup. And how has your L2 evolved now that there are so many L2s built on Ethereum? What's the plan to differentiate? How have you differentiated? So for us, scaling tech, we think in the long run is going to be mostly commoditized. My view is it's going to be like AWS. It's going to be like Azure. There will be some really good providers. But ultimately it's going to be a pretty cost-driven commodity in terms of where people want scale. And the trade-offs will be some combination of the criterion of scale, cost, privacy, and security. And our view is differentiate based on user adoption, network effects, and your go-to-market. And from day one, the only thing we've cared about is how do we make games with digital economies real? And how do we improve the experience for the 3.3 billion gamers who play video games every month and spend $150 billion on in-game items every year and can't trade, sell, or get any real value back from that? So our differentiation has never been blockchain tech. We've built that because we had to. But really it's been how do we create this ecosystem for games and shift that market? So just to make sure I have it right, it's not that the technology is completely different from every other L2 built on Ethereum. It's really about the specific market that you've gone after, and that's games. Totally. And I would say our vertical integration in terms of the wallet, the user experience, a lot of the technology we've built in terms of liquidity aggregation on the chain. But at the end of the day, there's going to be a million roll-up developers. They're all going to do varying degrees of success. We're not in that game. We're not in that game of how do we build the easiest place for gamers to play and the easiest place for Web3 game developers to build. Super interesting. So you're going after this very specific niche, this industry. And Howard's rationale building Elio is really starting with the technology, that the other ecosystems weren't going to build ZK the way that he wanted. I'm curious, how is Elio fitting today into that ZK ecosystem? How does it differentiate from the other ZK projects in the space? I think of things like Aztec. I think of things like Secret. So when you look at the ecosystem today, there's a ton of teams that are trying to build ZK VMs. And if you look at what's deployed, everyone is using ZK VMs for scalability or computational integrity. There's no one who's deployed today that's using it for privacy other than us. And I think that that's probably the biggest differentiator in terms of what we offer versus what any other chain offers on market today. And this fundamentally comes down to an architectural decision. Like the EVM itself is public by default. And every chain that is building their own ZK VM is trying to model itself after the EVM. And it has its own tradeoffs. It's good in the sense that it gives some sense of familiarity. It's bad in the sense that you don't offer any new type of richness beyond what the EVM itself provided. And I think for us, one of the biggest areas that we can explore now beyond just the scaling aspect is this ability to support private payments, private stable coins, private DEXs, hidden game state. We can go to machine learning and hide your input data as well, get you inference outputs that are interesting from there. It opens the door for new types of capabilities that are all going to be not only sitting on chain and available, but also deployed and hosted on an open network that offers encryption by default. I can't overstate what a big deal it is to actually have fully private transactions on a blockchain. It's incredibly hard. Yeah, on our usually public transparent blockchains. There's really nobody else in the space that offers actual private transactions? There's today no one else. Like this is the only ZK chain that offers private smart contracts today. And there are teams like Aztec that are starting to build out the same capabilities as an L2. We'll see what that architecture looks like when it comes out. I'm very interested to see more people adopting this philosophy just because I think privacy is such a missed narrative in crypto. And I think for anyone who wants to use this in the real world, they're missing the ability to use crypto in the real world today because there's no privacy. I think about when I use payments on Venmo, I so rarely select the option to have my payment be public. Yeah. Like take, for example, a simple hypothetical user journey. Like you want to buy an anniversary gift for your spouse and you want to use USDC to buy it. The problem is being your spouse, I probably like their spouse probably knows your address. And so they can just look up one. When did I when did you remember that our anniversary is coming up to where did you buy this gift? And three, most importantly, how much did you spend on my anniversary gift? And I think that that is a fundamental model break in the UI UX and the journey of what people expect money to be. You know, when I give someone an address, they should not be able to look up how much I have, how much I own, how much I make, how much I spend, how frequently, where. The same way that a bank account would not offer that type of information. It's just a fundamental part of the user journey of money. And I think that's something that's missing in crypto today. When everything's on Elio, how are governments going to collect taxes? Well, I think from my perspective, the goal here is to build something that is compliant and that's going to integrate with the existing financial institutions so that they can do their part on accountability. And the user themselves can maintain the same user journey that they would come to expect and have gotten used to in the real world today. Super interesting. Definitely want to return to that. But also kind of get the lay of the land of this gaming ecosystem now that we've gotten a picture of ZK. Where is Immutable fitting into it and what kinds of games are actually adopting Web3? Because right now I live between these two awkwardly spliced worlds where I like playing games. Like I'll play, you know, like Factorio or something and there's no Web3 in it. And then I'll go over and look at, you know, what Web3 is creating. So when are those things going to merge? So the reason we started building Immutable back in the day and I've been in crypto now a decade is we were obsessed with the idea that this market already existed. Gamers trade $10 billion of Counter-Strike Go skins every single year and they can't sell or get economic value from any of it. And so for us, it was the first opportunity to say rather than building towards a speculative future of will the future of finance be built on a bonding curve or some sort of AMM, which are fantastic ideas. And I think are proving themselves to work out. It was very clearly they're already spending this. They're losing value. This is a much better model and it's something that has proven demand. And so I think we're seeing that convergence now. So, I mean, Immutable alone, we more than doubled the number of games building on the platform in 2024. We've, you know, built to market leadership in the space. We have over 500 games building on us. And I think what people don't realize is I think gaming is probably the most slept on narrative and fundamental right now in the entire space. A single game. I was talking to the Marble X team earlier, who has a relationship with Netmarble, one of the largest, the largest South Korean. Korea. Yeah, exactly. Mobile gaming company. Just one of their games has more than triple the monthly active users of Ethereum. And so really, I think games are effectively the best Trojan horse ever built to onboard digital native consumers onto a back end technology. And they get to experience the value from day one of owning and trading their stuff. So really, I think we're going to see that convergence from, you know, Immutable's gone from launching CKVM 11 months ago to now the 11th most popular blockchain in the world by monthly active users. I think as these games continue to launch, that'll continue to increase. And more broadly, we're excited to see Web 2 companies jump in. So Ubisoft, we have a partnership with them and they're going to be releasing some major things this year. We've done some of the biggest Web 2 gaming companies in the space are either looking at or building Web 3 games currently. And I think this distinction between what a Web 3 game and a Web 2 game is going to vanish. And there'll be so many transition points, whether it's you're basically leveraging tokens as a superior form of user acquisition, as a better form of almost frequent flyer points for gamers to own parts of the games they're playing. Or whether you're going all the way to the end of the spectrum of saying, hey, you know, you can trade your stuff. We're creating these real digital economies. And I think both of them are fantastic because at the end of the day, video gaming is the biggest digital goods market on the planet. It's growing at 10% year on year. It's bigger than music, movies and TV combined. And it's currently owned in completely captive back ends where game developers are getting a worse deal every year. In fact, that's why you're seeing consolidation of the industry, because the most important thing is how well can you run ads? And can you get a customer acquisition cost that's cheaper than the next party? And Apple is continuously encroached on, you know, essentially data that used to be available to these companies. But now through policies like ATT, it's becoming prohibitively expensive to even grow a game. So I think there's this huge opportunity to fix two of the fundamental opportunities. One, how do you align incentives between players and games? But two, how do you make it easier to make a more successful game and reduce customer acquisition costs? So you mentioned a bunch of companies that are building on Immutable X or conversations you're having with big gaming studios. But if people in the audience want to experience what's possible today with a game that is built on Web3, what can they actually play now? There's a ton. You can go to play.immutable.com and every live game is featured there. What's your favorite? What do you play? I never pick favorites, but Immortal Rising 2 is a really fun casual game that just launched kind of like an AFK game. We have Raven Quest, which is huge, like over a million streamers, has over a quarter million players. Golden Guardians hit three million monthly actives in their first month launching. So these are serious numbers and all very fun games from sort of hardcore MMOs that are launching, MOBA replicants, to very casual mobile games. Cool. Curious also, Howard, you know, there's so much potential of what you can build with private transactions. What's being built on Alio right now that you're the most excited about that you think is going to change the game? A ton. So to give some background, Alio launched in September of 2024. So just six months ago, we launched with Coinbase. And there's a ton of developers that have been exploring on the DeFi, on the payments, on the stablecoin side of things. There are now bridges that are also being built between Ethereum and also Alio. Being built, right? Being built, actually available and deployed already today as well. Well, there's, when it comes to stablecoins, I think what's most interesting there that people are experimenting with is this ability to offer public to public, public to private, private to public, and private to private transfers. So you get to choose what user journey you want there. And, you know, when you take a step back and say, why do I want these? It's because there are different use cases for stablecoins. Take, for instance, if I want to make a website where I can take in donations, people are going to want the ability to donate anonymously. They want to contribute to a good cause. So they want the receiver to be very clearly this org or this foundation or this cause. And they want to reveal how much they've donated. But they want to keep themselves hidden. And this is an opportunity to provide that type of flexibility. In the programming language, we basically provide keywords for public and private syntax. Users can define for themselves what exactly they would like to specify there and make available to the public and what they'd like to keep private to themselves. We think the payment series is going to be super interesting on that front. When it comes to the gaming side of things, I think what's most interesting is the fact that you now have NL1 that can have hidden game state that lives in smart contracts on chain. Wait, game state that lives in smart contracts? Exactly. So what I mean by that is if you look at a chain like Ethereum, you can support games like chess where the board is fully visible to everyone and everyone can make moves. What you can't do easily on a chain like Ethereum is a game like Battleship where you want to hide the opponent's board so that you can play the game and make that interesting. You can't play poker on Ethereum because everyone can see your hand. Exactly. That's one of the fundamental challenges. Poker doesn't work in that model. And also people want to have a source of verifiable randomness. They want a ZK proof that says the house didn't cheat. And that's something that you also have a hard time giving strong guarantees for. And so this is an opportunity to change that narrative as well and provide gamers with the ability to go far beyond what is existing on EVMs today. I'd say a last area that I think is very exciting for a lot of developers on a chain like this is the AI ML space. And what I mean by that is you can't do inference in a smart contract in Solidity today. And it's because there's not enough gas limit to do that. You can't express that. And, you know, what makes ZK so powerful is this ability to take computations and move them off chain. I can now run locally on my machine something that takes a minute. It could take an hour. It could even take a day. And when I submit it to the network for validation, it only takes 10 milliseconds to check that proof. And so by doing that, I now can actually write machine learning algorithms like classifiers that perform inference in a smart contract. I can run that once on my machine. I can produce a zero-knowledge proof and submit that to the network. And the network will validate that without rerunning that computation. And that's a huge unlock for developers. It enables far more expressivity and far more scale while also offering hidden state as needed for the application. It's really interesting to learn what's being built right now. But when we kind of zoom out and think about the technology history of our time, it seems clear that Bitcoin and maybe Ethereum are definitely going to go down in that history. I'm curious, zooming out, I mean, you talked about what's being built now, but zooming out a number of years, what is it exactly about your chain that will give it that Lindy staying power of some of the biggest L1s, L2s of our time? For us, it's simple. We think the future of gaming is going to be one where players can own their stuff rather than rent it from a database. And we want to power and enable that future. So I think it's as simple as that. We think Alio is going to be HTTPS for crypto. This is going to be the moment that the entire Internet realizes, that entire web realizes, that all of crypto realizes everything is fully public. Everything's been in the open. Everyone's been going to the bathroom without bathroom stalls. And I think with that, you're going to see this sudden shift where everyone transitions into chains that are private by default. They're going to realize that, frankly, network traffic and state that you store on chain is accessible to not only your spouse, not only your friends, but governments and regimes and people who don't like you. And, you know, I think this is going to be a very defining moment for Alio to demonstrate what is possible in a chain like this. So you both have great arguments for why your chain will survive and be Lindy for the long term. But what about all the other L1s and L2s out there? I feel like I'm I've been in this space since 2015. I worked on original, you know, Ethereum going to market. I feel like we're still legislating the quote unquote protocol wars from 2017 today. There's this huge kind of oversupply of block space compared to the actual amount of applications and demand for block space. Do you think the industry is going in the right direction by funding all these L1s and L2s? Or do you guys want to succeed and close the door behind you? So I kind of think of every industry as having to go through three main stages before it hits mass adoption. And the first is, I suppose, the scientific possibility stage. Can we theoretically build the technology that's here? The second is, I suppose, the practical implementation stage. Can you actually build the things that people want to use? And the final is the commercialization. Can you make structural businesses that are going to gain mass adoption? And I think back in that period, it was probably stuck between it was still some practical implementations to be built out, but also commercialization. And we've been very much focused on how do we actually commercialize and create real PMF from day one? And I think that's where the entire industry now needs to shift to. And chains or platforms or applications, it doesn't matter which one, which embrace focusing on real PMF, real cash flows and revenues. The flight to reality. Exactly. And so, you know, personally, I think the biggest inhibition of this over the last four years has been, it's been essentially illegal to launch any token with clear utility or cash flows. And that meant we've basically had this barbell where either people are only happy to launch infrastructure because it's the most regulatory safe place you can operate, where you're not actually touching applications, you're not touching end consumers, or you launch something completely degenerate, like a completely valueless meme coin, which I think is ultimately value destructive to the space. It's just, you know, a new wolf in sheep's clothing. You're running a gaming chain and you're anti-meme coins. Well, look, I think gaming is the clearest example of fundamental product market fit. You already have this web to demand analog. And so, look, people can do what they want, but I think if we're talking about moving the space forward, I think we have to focus on what are long-term businesses and long-term use cases that are going to generate cash and revenues and be able to scale and create value. I think Ethereum is having an AOL moment right now. I think that L1s are going to be commoditized. They already are being commoditized. And I think this is absolutely the direction that things are going to trend. Yes, there's going to be more block space, and I think that's a good thing. I think the way that we should be thinking about the web is that each ecosystem should be connected to other ecosystems via their chains. And I think that the opportunity is that we now have much more specialty in each chain. Like, for instance, AOL would not be possible on a chain like Ethereum or on a chain like Solana. And for us to define an L1 that can do this is to prove to the world that there is another way to use crypto. I think that the tech that we have here is going to be commoditized. Like, ZK itself is going to be commoditized, just like L1s are being commoditized in a decade from now. And I'd be sad if a decade from now I come back and say ZK wasn't commoditized. You know, I think that this is the direction that L1s are going. I think it's the direction ZK is going to be going as well. And I think that, you know, everyone's going to realize, just as Robbie has made the point on, that what matters really is PMF. And ultimately, if you find that and you really get a user base that is passionate about what you're doing, they're going to specialize. And that team is going to build out capabilities that are going to make that chain best for their users. And, like, I don't believe that there's going to be just a general chain that is going to service everyone for everything. I think that people are going to special purpose the architecture for what makes them successful. So the technology gets PMF or finds a specific community that wants to use it. And then ultimately, you get chain abstraction over it. And you get AIs actually being the UX layer between these chains and their users. So people maybe don't even know which chain they're using. Does that feel like a real reality? I strongly think we're going to have a whole network of AIs running continuous businesses, prediction markets on pretty much everything. And they'll have this entire financial layer that's almost not operated by humans. So I think in a world where AI is running most of our intellectual labor and operations, I think Web3 is even more critical. I'd plus one on that. I think AI is here to make crypto usable for the masses. Like, I think right now there is not, we have not solved this problem as an industry. Crypto continues to be confusing between your keys, between your mnemonics, between all of these codes. I really believe that there's an opportunity here to make this technology far more usable. And I don't think it's necessarily meant for us. Yeah, so speaking of making it usable and bringing in the masses, bringing in usage, both of you have raised huge amounts of capital, hundreds of millions of dollars from some of the biggest VCs of our time. I'm curious how you're managing conversations with institutions, which are becoming an increasingly large portion of market participants in our space, and how you're kind of planning to grow into those valuations. So I can start by saying ZK is not easy and ZK is not cheap. A big part of what we have to do is to educate the ecosystem about what ZK actually is. ZK stands for zero knowledge. And today, very few chains using ZK actually use that property to its core. Everyone has been kind of fitting in ZK wherever they can because it makes for a good pitch. But the reality is that there is so much more you can do with the technology, but you need a special purpose architecture to unlock those capabilities. And I think for us, especially with institutions, the goal is to demonstrate for them the first leg, which is that private payments and private finance is something that's here. It's going to come. It's going to stay. And it's going to be incredibly interesting for them to change their rails onto something like this. It will provide the same level of compliance and same level of quality that the Web2 experience already gave them for their users and then more. It's going to open up new capabilities, new doors. It's going to simplify cross-border payments. It's going to reduce fees. It's going to make it accessible for users to actually own and tangibly feel their own bank accounts in their hands. And I think that's something that's direly missing in finance today. I think that a lot of these institutions are just starting to wake up to that. And for us, certainly, a big part of our responsibility is to educate them on how that works, what that's going to look like, and work with them to set up the standards that are going to make that compliant for the rest of the world. So Alio ETF coming soon? No comment. Ravi, how about you? Institutional conversations, fundraising, valuation? I think institutions are going to look for categories and companies where they can clearly point to, here's the total addressable market, here's the product market fit, and they'd be proud to present that to their clients, their LPs, and their board. And that limits a lot of the space. But I think gaming is going to be one of the, and already has been recognized as the categories that's going to, whether it's the VanEck report that was produced on Gaming and Immutable last year, whether it was, you know, we've had some ETN products built just by third parties without even talking to us. I think institutions are going to be one of the most, essentially the most important new addition to the space this year, especially because right now there's anywhere between sort of $10 to $30 billion of crypto dry powder pointed at the space. And we basically achieve that in net inflows from ETFs every month to two months, depending on the month. So institutional capital is basically a brand new regime, and it's coupled with, I think, a very refreshing sort of regulatory power from the U.S. where people can actually build applications that face consumers. All the way from institutions to grassroots community, we would be remiss in a crypto conversation without talking about community. If folks here are interested in joining, you both have really vibrant communities going. If people here are interested in joining and contributing, what kinds of contributions are you looking for, and where can people plug in? Always excited to welcome new developers into the space. We have a Discord. You can join it. And we run three different types of calls. We have a monthly general call for all developers. We also run biweekly core devs calls for folks who are interested in the protocol layer. And then we also have a monthly call for Leo developers on the application level. There's a grants program that's run by the foundation to help foster and support new types of developments for projects and use cases on a chain like Leo. Private smart contracts are very new. We're in for the ride, just like everyone else, is to figure out what exactly is going to be so interesting about this. There's already some strong theses we have on it, but it's up to developers like those that are in the audience to help validate and prove those out with us. I don't know if there are many game devs in the audience. If you are, feel free to come up to me after. But our main focus is also how do we build the most valuable network of gamers in the world who fundamentally believe in this mission of owning their stuff. So Passport, which is our consumer wallet product, which is sign-on with email but still self-custodial, has had more than 5 million people sign up to it in under 12 months. And those people visit Play every month to play the games that are distributing through there. So that's really part of the journey we're also on, is creating that consumer demand for games building on Immutable. Thank you so much for the time. Thank you. Thank you.