 Hi, my name is Amelia Daly and I am a public servant of the Solana Foundation and I have the distinct pleasure of doing two things for you today in the next six-ish minutes. First, I will tell you the latest and greatest, what's going on with Solana and more importantly, introduce you to some founders that are building some incredible businesses on Solana. So let's get into it. It's particularly pertinent that we're sitting here in Hong Kong today because Solana is global. 40% of users, 50% of developers from the last hackathon and 70% of liquidity originates here in Asia. If we think about a global economy, one of the best ways to visualize that on chain is through stable coins. The state of stable coins is growing at an incredible rate and you can see that Solana now is responsible for 45% of volume. Now, let's break down volume a little bit because this is one of these types of metrics that can be interpreted in a number of different ways in this industry. Traditionally, it's been TVL. Now, one of the things that I'd like to reframe, especially from the network's perspective, is a parked asset as measured by total value locked, actually that meaningful for the underlying platform, which is responsible for powering the assets across the world. In fact, reframing to look at velocity as the most important measure for stable coins, stable coin health as a representation of the frequency in which that asset is being used, touched, and then therefore a representation of adoption is far more important. I'm going to continue to emphasize the way in which we see things as a network or a platform that may be different than how others frame these same metrics. And that's because Solana is infrastructure. It is the financial layer that these businesses that I will be talking through and introducing to you later need to be built upon. And Solana needs to be the best place for, one, founders, two, applications, and three, tokens. And one of the things that's important to do at the network level is to continue to innovate that as demand goes up, as you can see through transactions, the cost of doing business goes down. So that's the fees. We've talked about the stable coin market. We've talked about some of the infrastructure requirements for doing business. Let's look at how the applications have fared on Solana over the last three quarters. One important way of measuring application health is, of course, actually through their own GDP or real economic value. Applications on Solana have generated over $800 million in revenue over the last three quarters. This is essential. Businesses need revenue. But it's not just on-chain businesses that have been crypto-native that are building on Solana. We're seeing fintech build on-chain solutions as well. Earlier in 2024, PayPal launched their stable coin on Solana called PYUSD. Visa is now settling in USDC on Solana. And one of the things that I'd like to drill down upon with Visa in particular is actually looking at an analysis that they ran. Now, across a number of different chains, they observed something kind of unique that, again, goes back to that velocity metric that I was describing earlier. And what you can see across this chart is that disproportionately, Solana is sending a high number of small value transactions. The majority of transactions are under $100 US. And so then when we think about this from the infrastructure layer, the platform in which these businesses need to choose to be applied, what's required? Well, they're kind of a pragmatic set of North Star metrics that the platform needs to be held to. It must be fast. It must be cheap. And it must be final. And there is an infinite amount of work that needs to be done to continue to make improvements across all three of these categories. And that's really what the foundation thinks and focuses on. Now, you'll probably want to hear from someone besides me about how that's going. And the real test of how effective that is is actually talking to the founders who are in the trenches building. So let's talk a little bit about who you'll hear from. We have a diverse set of speakers here that represent a number of different topics in the space. You'll hear about hardware and deepen from Kudis and Jumbo. You'll hear about composability and scalability from Sonic, Solaire, and Zeus. And you'll hear about PayFi, or as I like to call it, magic internet money from Huma. So rather than have me tell you about these things, I will pass it off to the first speaker who will show you how Solana is helping to power their business. Dirk Hwang- All right, all right. Hi, everybody here. My name is Dirk. I'm the CMO and co-founder of Kudis. So if you are wandering in this place and you see somebody wearing a ring, chances are it might not be the aura ring, or it might not be their engagement ring. It might be the Kudis ring. So we are the leading crypto consumer wearable built on Solana. So let's give a little bit of background of what we do. We founded the company back in 2023. We're lucky to be one of the hackathon winning project in the deep end space back in the Renaissance hackathon last year. Dirk Hwang- All right, so we're here. The Kudis offers a different type of product, but in a nutshell, it consists of the Kudis ring, the Kudis super app, the Kudis data platform, and the Kudis token. So what we are doing here is that we are trying to challenge the current exploitative data model from the Web2 giants. We're giving users full control of their health data while enabling secure data trading. So we've had, in just a little bit more than half a year, we've had more than 4 million in revenue. We've sold over 15,000 rings globally. We've also accrued more than 100,000 app users across 103 countries. But we aim bigger. We aim to connect the next 100 million devices. We aim to tap into the billion-dollar wellness app market. We aim to serve not only the global crypto users, but also the global smart wearable users. So this is what we have built in just a little bit more than half a year. So from scratch, we built a Kudis app. The app allows you to track your sports mode, your mental wellness. We've also launched something which makes sports, a healthy lifestyle, interesting for people, and that is called a social challenge. We've had metabolism optimization. We also built an AI coach. within our app that is providing customized service and customized advice to our users. We've implemented a point-based reward system, and more importantly, we have actually built the health data ownership within the app. And all of these are at zero cost because we don't like subscription model, and that's why we decided to waive it. And here are some of the stats from the last four months. We were able to actually integrate more than 70 plus wireless apps and hardwares. We've tracked more than 8 million heart rates. We've had more than 1 million sleep hour track, more than 2 billion steps, and more than 200,000 workout sessions. And more importantly, we have built strong partnership with not only industry giants, but also mainstream partners in the name of WorldCoin, ECLA, VitaDow, Bonk, Magic Eden, et cetera. But again, Qtis is more than just a smart ring or a wellness device. Qtis empowers users to own their wellness data through a secure and user-centric ecosystem. And we know that people don't like their data to be tracked by large companies, let alone the companies profiting from their data. And that is why we are here to make a change. So with our Qtis super app and wellness data asset marketplace, we were actually able to take the data from the users, let them integrate their data, help the users securely store their data anonymously, and transform it into digital asset on-chain. And then throughout our Qtis wellness data marketplace, we were able to, again, privately, securely share this data with our partners, which will give extra incentives to our users. So this is how the Qtis ecosystem works in a nutshell. We allow users to connect their wearable device, connect their wellness tracking apps to our app, and then we allow them to sync up their data. And through a proprietary data processing layer with validators, we're actually helping the users to store the data, we're able to help them label their data, and we were able to clear the data, which we prepare it, ready for the Qtis data marketplace. And these data are actually very important to a lot of the industry partners. For example, we are currently powering up all the AI model, AI wellness model training, as well as design studies. We are providing insights into medical industries. We're providing personal insights to the insurance companies or corporates, and we're providing more values to the wellness industry in general. So once again, at Qtis, we're tapping into the $6.3 trillion digital health market, and none of these can actually happen without the use of blockchain or Solana. So that's why we're grateful to be here. And just want to sum it up using one of our favorite lines. Your health is your wealth. So if you have not heard about Qtis, now it's time to learn more about it and join us. Thank you. Hello, hello. Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Jason. I'm from Solair. Today I'm going to share a little bit more about our plans after the token gets traded because right now it's traded across different venues. And hopefully, one of the takeaways is that you know that the members of the project are still working very hard to deliver on the max milestone, which I think is very exciting. So a little bit more about me. I'm Jason. I lead the technology team at Solair. Before this, I co-founded MPC Vault, which is a multi-chain custody solution for businesses which are now transacting about a billion dollars every week on chain, servicing a variety of folks. So I'm mostly in cryptography and also a little bit of GPU training, especially the scheduling part of it from which I have sourced immense inspiration for what's next to come at Solair. Other team members include folks from Sushi, Amazon Web Services and Microsoft. Also just want to announce that we've recently acquired a team called FastLand. They're really talented folks. So they did a lot of security research, MEV, and also EVM semantics. EVM research. They have stopped and of course returned almost $50 million just in the past year for EVM hacks across different chains, DMV, Arbitrum, and Ethereum included. You might know one of my colleagues who got really famous recently because of the Libra scam. He's the person, you know, the first person leading the investigation on chain to uncover all the intricate relationships between all the different addresses that are linked to the Libra scam and he's very outspoken about, you know, actually doing something to this space. So kudos to him. Just want to mention it. If you check Twitter, he will show up. Now, disclaimer, nothing I'm saying here is investment advice or financial guidance. So don't take any financial actions because of what I said. I'm just here sharing technical stuff. So where Solier started was restaking. And restaking is something very interesting, but we decided to approach it with a very organic yield form as opposed to copying whatever eigenlayer has done. So we did a lot of validator optimization. And on Solana, there's also a thing called stake-weighted quality of service, which means that your transaction can get through faster if you send it from a validator with stake. So we'll have an endpoint called acceleration.solaire, acc.solaire.org, that has a main transaction landing latency of two slots, and that's about 0.8 seconds because we have a huge amount of stake. And on the other end, we also have a very interesting solution for liquid staking on Solana, and you can transform the tokens into different formats. For example, like Sonic, our great partner who's going to present next, is using one of our solutions. And SonicSole, BGSole, SO, they're all liquid staking solutions on Solana. They have the highest yield right now. And you also, they share the same liquidity pool. So if you're trading SonicSole for USDC, you'll be able to leverage the same liquidity pool for BGSO, which is BigGat, so a cryptocurrency exchange, or SO, Solare, so we're just showing the same liquidity. So that's her restaking solution on Solana. It's very different, but also happy to say that it has the highest yield. During the Trump trade, the yield reached about 19.8%, and this is a native API. So right now, it's about 11% as of today, if you just go to the website, but this is what we're doing, and it's organic yield as opposed to points farming or things like that. So that's our approach. Now, the next chapter of Solare is really focused on a Solana acceleration solution. We got inspiration from our validator optimization experiences. We know that if we remove some of the protocol limits and restructure things a little bit, we're able to achieve much higher TPS. And we're looking at a million TPS, not just a little bit better. We're looking at 100x of Monat. I mean, I'm not saying anything bad about them, just that this technology allows us to do that. So we're super excited to present exactly how that's going to be achieved. So I'm going to skip a couple of things here. So the first thing you have to resolve is actually the network bottleneck, right? Let's just put things into perspective. What does a million TPS even mean, right? It means that it's one million multiplied by one kilobyte per transaction or looking at 10 gigabits per second. And in a peer-to-peer relationship, you have to peer with other machines, meaning that you have to send the same amount of data to other people. And if you were to propagate like that, 10 multiplied by 10 is 100 gigabits. And that's like a massive number for even data center switches to handle, right? So what that means is that you have to restructure the network topology so Solier-Infini SVM's topology is a mega leader with a decentralized network of verifiers. And there's a particular way that we structure the streaming and the broadcast of transactions that make this happen. And the second result is that you have to use data center grade equipment in order to accelerate your chain to this speed. So this is a totally new paradigm that we're taking for building the network. And another thing is that the reason why we're able to accelerate so much is that what if you pre-execute a transaction and you just apply the state as opposed to processing the transaction on the go, right? You save a lot of time if by the time that the process of the transaction reaches the execution pipeline, if everything is still fresh, it's not stale, as per technical term, you can just apply the change of state. And by doing this, we actually increased our throughput by I think a factor of two or three from our research results just by doing pre-execution. But again, on the left-hand side, you'll see that the chain architecture has become a mega leader with a decentralized group of verifiers. So that's the chain structure. So I talked about the execution, how we're saving time on the execution side of things. Let's go to the first, you know, ingress of this. So you first do, when transaction comes in, you first need to do seek verify, deduplication, and scheduling. And there are things to do over there. So we've come up with a thing called pre-execution. I talked about execution being, you know, pre-execution being able to accelerate, you know, the sort of the execution stage of it. There's also another task that a pre-execution cluster is doing, which is parallelizing sig verify. So what sig verify does is that it's looking at your transaction and then check if the user or whoever the signer have to be have actually signed a transaction. And that's a very cryptographically and CPU-intensive calculation. So we're just offloading it to a cluster that does so and therefore saving time when it's coming to the latency-sensitive stage. Another thing is that in order to scale blockchain, you have to make sure that your blockchain state runs on, you know, a distributed cluster as opposed to on a single machine. Up to this state, every single blockchain is one single binary. It's like one single program. Running on one single machine. But for Solaire's Infini SVM, it's designed to run different components on a cluster of machines and therefore achieving this higher TPS but true scalability. And we're making use of a bit of, you know, AI technology here. It's called InfiniBand. It's, if you're ever in AI training, you'll know InfiniBand because the data from, if you do model pipelining or data pipelining, the data is passed from one machine to another, you know, GPU one to another via InfiniBand. It's a very super low latency and high throughput connection protocol, peer-to-peer connection protocol. So that's something that we're using within our own cluster. Therefore, we call it hardware accelerated cluster. Now, last but not least, the code star problem for any chain, right? And I'll just say this. The reason why we're building this is because during the Trump trade, during the, you know, the meme cycle, we've noticed a lot of problems with scalabilities on Solana. It's fast. Don't get me wrong. It's super fast, but it's not fast enough. Meme trade are able to congest Solana already. And then the congestion symptom is in the form of transaction not getting confirmed. It's not in the form of high fees, but rather your transactions like keep pending and just doesn't go through. And so we think there's a lot of organic demand if more people are going to join Solana, more people are going to move things onto Solana and SBM in general. So our job is to make it as transparent the adoption as we possibly can. And you might be familiar with EVM L2s. So just a few comparisons to show what the differences are. First is that for EVM L2s, users have to go through a breach site. You know, you go somewhere else to do that before you come back to the DApp. For Solana or Infinix VM, you don't have to do that. As long as the DApp decentralized application itself uses an SDK, that's all it takes, right? Like import the SDK and we take care of everything else. Wallet support, to your surprise, this might be. We don't require wallet support. And this is because SVM transaction does not hash the chain ID as part of the signature scheme. So there's a very clever way of handling it. So because of time constraints, I shall not walk through some of the semantics of how we're doing it. But feel free to check out solare.org. There's a white paper on there that details some of the technical architecture of why, you know, things can be made invisible to the user. At the end of the day, users don't really care about which chain you're on. You care about the app. Right? You care about the application you're using. And the applications care about the end user latency that the chain is capable of delivering. And by having this architecture, I think the entire user experience and the calling, you know, the programmatic call can be very much similar to just HTTP rest, like a web to each programming style, as opposed to very much async because I can give you the response in real time because it's low latency and high throughput. So that will conclude my presentation. And feel free to check out, send me an email, follow me on Twitter, or just go to the website and check out more stuff. I'll be around. I'm happy to talk to anyone. Thank you very much. All right. Hi, everyone. My name is Chris Zhu. I'm one of the co-founders and the CEO of Sonic SVM. We recently just went live, so I'm actually very, very excited to be here for the first time since our January launch. You guys might have seen us trading on different venues in Korea, in Japan, across Asia, in the U.S., and we're live on Kraken there as well. So very excited to share and get this opportunity from the Solana Foundation to be here talking about one major new topic that we at Sonic SVM have been very, very excited about. So last couple of weeks, you might have seen Solana kind of advertising a new concept called the Internet's capital market, and we think the chain itself has actually captured that very well from the early on-chain NASDAQ to the recent ecosystem boom, whether it be tokenizing RWAs or meme coins or entertainment products and NFTs, right? But at the center of that, it's really about how we were able to productize and tokenize attention on Solana. So Sonic SVM proposed this new concept called attention capital markets, and I am here to share a little bit about that with you guys. So I'm going to take a different approach to what Jason just did on the Solana SVM, and he did a wonderful job prefacing the background and the technical differences between SVMs, but now we're going to focus on attention, and that is the key word for what consensus is about, for where liquidity is coming from, where volume is coming from. But before that, let's just go through a quick recap on what is Sonic, right? Who are we and why are we here talking to you about SVM and where we got the idea to build this? So Sonic was actually the first SVM to launch on Solana, but really it was made for applications and games. So that's our bread and butter. I came from a background of ByteDance, so TikToks, and our team, Electronic Arts, Tencent, such and so forth. So we were all really focused on one notion, which was how do we digitize gaming assets, entertainment assets, and send that out to the entire world? So three years ago when we started building on Solana, way back when, there was very limited applications for entertainment and for games, and there's less asset for them as well. If you look at 2018, 2019, you had DeFi plus games, and then you had NFT plus games like the Step-Ins, the Genopets of the world, and fast forward, you have Meme Coins plus games. So games are amazing hosts of every single asset category that is at the forefront of everything. But at the center of it, why games actually attract liquidity and volume is because they capture the user's attentions and bring additional users into the ecosystem so that we're not just stuck here with an existing liquidity pool. So now we have three keywords here, right? You guys are familiar with Pump.fun, AI agents, and TikTok. What is the commonality between all of this? And we would argue is they capture attention at a very, very large scale. Albeit at each single one of these products, even Kaito recently, you're tokenizing attention at a different time scale, right? So for Pump, for example, users' attentions are on a daily basis. And if you don't capture that within the next day, you lose all of that liquidity. AI agents, on the other hand, is sitting on Twitter or on a LOM-based platform, but sitting in a traffic pool. So whether it be AIXVT or a virtual platform like Luna, they're actually capturing attention through the functionality of the AI agents. And what we did was we built a product on top of TikTok called SonicX. And that product is a connector for legacy social media, and half a million users were able to claim our airdrops on top of TikTok. So we think that attention is where money flows, right? Crypto projects are financialized network-based products and services, and the value of network increases as more people start to use it. This is pretty common sense, but if you think about it, the more liquidity, the more decentralization more utility and social engagement comes from your product. And how do projects create them? And we think it's maximizing trust, create amplification channels, and really providing individual stake incentives for these products. And we did that through Sonic SVM, through each one of these methods, where the TikTok mini-app created amplification channels. The entire transactional log of your interaction or tokenization on top of TikTok is transparent on top of Sonic SVM. And we were able to drop over half a million users to Solana SVL tokens. So now, when it comes to how we're thinking about productization of attention on Solana, we proposed three additional kind of assets, asset standards. The first one is what we call Sonic Attention Index. Sonic Attention Index tracks three major metrics. The first one is volume. The second is liquidity. And the third is all types of social metric data and social media metric data. And we combine that into SAI. It reflects the attention and liquidity across the entire Sonic SVM ecosystem. The second is the TikTok mini-app that we just talked about. So we dropped hash key tokens. We dropped Sonic tokens. And we dropped them to over 2 million total users across the board. The third is what we propose as the newest asset standard on top of the chain called Sonic Attention Tokens. So by combining the entire transparent data, tracking volume, liquidity, and attention metrics, we are able to incentivize projects on top of Sonic with all levels of incentivizations. So at the center of that, our focus has always been on distribution. Testnet user numbers exceed 2.7 million. We were able to reach a peak at FDB and really generate transactions that are on billions of scale in the last six months or so. But the next stage after pre-mainnet where we did 10 iterations and upgrades, recorded 3 billion transactions, we accumulated millions of users. What is the next stage? And I am here to announce we are going to release mainnet on February 27th. And with that, we also introduced the first application-focused hackathon Sonic is bringing to the rest of the world, tracking liquidity volume and allowing Solana builders to amplify all of their applications through our TikTok mini-app and through our attention index so that they get the maximum exposure. So come build with us and come build on Solana. That concludes my presentation today and thank you so much. Hello, hello, hello. Mic check? All right, awesome. Hi, everyone. I'm James, the co-founder and CEO of Jumbo, the largest mobile on-chain network starting with the Jumbo phone. Now, hold on. First of all, I know it's 4 p.m. right now. Everyone's Tired. This is the fourth presentation. They said I got eight minutes. I only need six. Just bear with me. I'll explain to you how to onboard the next billion users in crypto. So, first of all, before we begin, can I get a raise of hands? How many people here grew up in Latin America, Africa, or Southeast Asia, like an emerging market? Raise of hands. All right, all right. So five people will understand when I say I'm ethnically Chinese, but I grew up in a country called Congo in Central Africa. My family's three generations there. And when you grow up in an emerging market, like I just listed, you run into problems like cross-border payments, remittances, bank-in-the-em-banked, where literally 40% of the population banked. And reasons like this is due to high transaction costs, hyperinflation, and a lack of banking infrastructure. You might only get access to some neobanks. But when you put all these issues together in emerging markets, you look at Venezuela, you look at Congo, Turkey, you realize everything begins and ends with one thing, mobile infrastructure, because these areas have completely skipped the PC stage. So at Jumbo, what we are doing today is essentially we created a $99 US smartphone pre-installed with Web3 applications that solves the chokehold of crypto, of accessibility, and onboarding, where users can come in, spend their time, and we call it the phone that pays you, because honestly, you can earn tokens, and we provide you with on-ramp and off-ramps in over 100 countries in the world today. So, Jumbo started 2021. The first two years, I'm not gonna lie, one of the hardest things you look at any deep-in sector project that deals with manufacturing, and if you're hardware, is supply chain and manufacturing. You look at any project out there today that has any hardware devices, it is very difficult to lower your cost of your product so that users can actually, in a cost-effective unit basis, use your products and provide that compute power and nodes into an ecosystem that makes sense. So, honestly, I'm very proud to announce today, sitting up, standing up here, we've sold, since 2024, exactly one year ago, about 850,000 phones to over 120 countries, which is very important, the markets that we're distributing to, over a million Jumbo app downloads on the Google Play Store. So, if you're Android, please check it out. It's your multi-chain wallet that supports 13 chains and your Questing platform, and we've created over 10 million wallets. Now, the Jumbo Phone 2, we announced at Solana Breakpoint in September, 12 gigabytes of RAM, 6.75-inch display, 128 gigs of storage. It's essentially the most powerful $99 US dollar smartphone you can find in the world today. A lot of people, you might be standing here and asking me right now, James, what does a Web3 smartphone even mean? At the basis, it's Android-based. It comes with full Android capabilities, iPhone 11 storage, and RAM, but at the end of the day, users in these emerging markets, right now, the largest markets, say, Brazil, Latin America, users can now come in, spend time, and be accessed to the open financial ecosystem. I'll put it this way. I grew up in Africa, right? Africa's 54 countries, 1.4 billion people. 40% of the continent is unbanked. So literally, you might say, okay, I'm gonna airdrop a non-custodial digital wallet to the entire continent. Congrats, you just banked the entire continent. The issue is, people still have no access to the global financial ecosystem because they don't have credit. Literally, your phone number in Africa is your ENS domain. It is how you get access to your profile. There is no WeChat, there's no Tencent, there's no Alibaba, there's no Venmo. You're not gonna pay your supplier manufacturing in a different country. You're not gonna send your friend money in different rails. It is very difficult, and all of this is due to the inherent issues of hyperinflation, low banking costs, and high transaction fees. So with Jumbo, today, you are essentially able to access and bridge through all of these legacy ecosystem and bookkeepers through Web3 Rails. Now, I'll make something very clear on this stage. It's not like Work Jumbo is going into these areas and saying, hey guys, look, let me tell you about cryptocurrency, Web3, Solana, Bitcoin, etc. Nah, they're already using it. The average population of the regions that we're dealing with is less than 25 years old. One of the youngest demographics there is. Now, if you look at these demographics, what are they more susceptible to? Higher risk and accepting digital payment methods. In Africa, in Kenya, M-Pesa, amazing. Strictly in Kenya. In Brazil, PICS, digital payment methods, QR codes, just like how we would use crypto payment rails. Amazing. But at the end of the day, they're very fractionalized, segregated, and only within one country or government. And maybe as y'all are on crypto Twitter, you can see with Argentina, with some other Latin American countries, even if you want to implement something super amazing, you might work with some bad actors and not be able to do so. So, Jumbo, what we are super proud is we come into these regions and we're essentially building a credit profile for these users. Where, right now, out of, let's say, the 1 million phones, 850k plus phones sold, we have a very active user base of over 300k users, wallet addresses. Now, what does that mean? Number one, they spend over five hours DAU on our phone. How much time do you spend on your phone? Over five hours, it's essentially your primary phone. Number two, you're using this phone and earning money. This might be your main method of providing or et cetera. So, we call it the phone that pays you. So, the Jumbo app. You come into the Jumbo phone, there's 20 applications. Only one of the 20 is your Jumbo app. It's your 13-chain, multi-chain wallet. It's your questing platform. It tells you exactly what to do in other applications, which are all pre-selected, curated Web3 partners. I see some in the space here. Appreciate your support. And you will be able to earn their tokens. But even if you give Bitcoin to someone in Venezuela, they don't care what they're going to do with Solana or Bitcoin. They're not going to go on-chain and airdrop farm. They're not going to provide liquidity to Rails. They might use Sonic SVM. We know about that. But at the end of the day, they need their local currency. Right? So, that is what Jumbo is here to provide, these Rails. Now, I want to take a moment here and just thank, you know, a lot of our partners. If you want to own the entire sector in crypto, all the more power to you. It's an amazing strategy. At the end of the day, though, we want to work with the most competent at each of their sectors. You go into gaming, we have Matrix Fire pre-installed, listed, fully liquid tokens. Fire, you get to level 5, Web3 FPS game, you earn their tokens. You want to transact in wallets, we provide you a wallet infrastructure and you can spend time, transactions, and you earn those tokens. So, at the end of the day, all of our payment rails, all of our on-ramp off-ramps is through SPL technology. So, I couldn't thank the Solana ecosystem enough to have us over here. Now, if you look at the Jumbo phone, light blue, $99 US dollars, stay tuned. I got my colleague in the back. We might have a raffle in the future. Today, you can earn a Jumbo phone yourself. And the last point I want to touch on, because I think I'm getting close to eight minutes, I needed more than six, is Jumbo today is the largest deep-in infrastructure foundational layer. We have over 800,000 compute nodes with over 40 million gigawatts of capable storage. And this is something you can tap in. We essentially solved the moat of supply chain and manufacturing, where supply chain is in the East, but most of the golden market is in the West. And no one uses hardware as a golden market for a very specific reason. Software scales, right? VCs invest in software. No one invests in hardware, because manufacturing is just that hard. So, very proud of our team, 24-7, sleeping at factories, solving the issue of supply chain, manufacturing, working with three factories, over a million orders. So, super proud to announce here today some of our future pipelines. You know, some of the logos here, y'all might already be familiar with, from meme coins to some of the most largest onboarding portals like Phantom. But please stay tuned. And if I'm going to leave here with just one thing for everyone to know, Jumbo is launching its own satellite in 2025. What does this mean? Currently, we are hardware resistant, where over 800,000 devices, hardware we pre-install, we disrupted the duopoly of Google and Apple. We can pre-install apps, and we're the closest touchpoint to the end consumer. But launching the satellite gives us connectivity, essentially, to all of our devices 24-7, adding all this compute power into one large database. Thank you very much. I think I'm up on time. They're going to kill me. Appreciate y'all. Thank you. Hey, everyone. I'm Dean. Today, I'm going to talk about something really cool. So we recently made the news in January this year with a quantum-proof solution for Solana. So this is going to be a little bit more technical. I heard some people here are a little bit more technical. So let's get into it. If you haven't met me before, my name's Dean. This is some of the things I do. I am the co-founder and chief scientist of Zeus Network. We are taking Bitcoin and putting it on Solana. When I say Bitcoin on Solana, I don't just mean the coin, but I mean the entire protocol. We've got Taproot. We've got Schnorr signatures. We've got the whole thing. So it's a fully deep integration into the L1. I'm also a cryptography researcher at Jupyter Research. I'm also the DevRel to the Solana Foundation MCM region. So if you are a local project and you need support for your projects or you have technical issues, please feel free to reach out. This is a service that we provide for people here. And the last one is something I'd like to announce today, which is BlueShift. This is a new initiative that I'm launching just to improve the state of essentially education on Solana. See, we've seen like a lot of people coming into the ecosystem and we've not been able to sort of keep up with the provision of resources for people trying to learn how to build stuff on Solana. So, yeah, you can find us at BlueShiftGJ on Twitter. So I'm going to get into the talk for today. So at the end of last year, we got some FUD. You know, what's new? We get a lot of FUD in Solana. We love it. It's where we're at our best because we love to, we love to, we love to, you know, hit back. So, yeah, Solana will be the first casualty of Quantum. It was posted by someone whose blockchain does 10 transactions per second or something. So, 10 days later, I posted this tweet and it went incredibly viral. It was all over crypto news and everything. A bunch of people were hitting me up like, hey, you're like on the news in Argentina or something. I'm like, okay, cool. So what does this mean? So Solana is an extremely capable and flexible protocol that's actually able to do a whole lot of stuff, especially if you know how to abuse it a little bit. So this solution is called the Solana Winternet's Vault and it is a way for us to basically make Solana quantum proof today so that it would enable you to store your funds safely and resist quantum attacks. So why is this a problem in the first place? Well, there's this algorithm called Shor's algorithm and basically it means if you manage to solve a decoherence and build a large enough quantum computer, you're able to leverage this algorithm to essentially accelerate factorization of numbers. So that enables you to, for a public key, solve what the private key would be for that by being able to search large ranges of numbers at the same time. So this is not a threat today. It might not be a threat tomorrow, but it is coming in the next, you know, decade or so. And so then there's the question of like, what would you do if, let's say, a nation state or some evil actor who is very well funded actually managed to achieve quantum supremacy and there was a zero-day attack? Well, it turns out that Solana is actually capable of supporting something called Winternet's one-time signatures. Now, it's quite ironic because Winternet's signatures are actually a variant of Lamport signatures. And does anybody know what the micro tokens of Solana are called? They're called Lamports. Yeah. So it's actually quite ironic. We can use Lamport signatures to secure Lamports and other things. So it starts off by basically we generate 32 random 256-bit scalars. Scalar is just a fancy word for number. So it's like generating 32 private keys instead of one private key. And then to generate a public key, all we do is we hash our private key values 256 times with a secure hashing algorithm like SHA-256 or Ketchak. So as you can see on the left-hand side, we've got the private key. On the right-hand side, we've got the public key. And if we hash 256 times, the number on the left makes the number on the right. And because hashing is a one-directional function, we're not able to actually reverse that easily. So then we can leverage this property to actually generate signatures. So how we generate a signature is we have a message that we pass into the same hashing function. And out of that, we'll get a thing that's 32-byte outcome, right, the hash. And each of those 32 bytes, right, they are 8 bits. In 8 bits, there is 256 numbers, 0 to 255, right? So if we take these numbers from our signature, from our hash of our message, right, and we then feed them into that private key, instead of hashing 256 times, we hash 256 minus n times, n being those 32 numbers that we just got out of our message hash, then we end up with something that's actually in a middle point between the private key and the public key. And so if we have a look, if we put them together, right, if our number was 163, right, and then we pair that with our private key, then actually for us to verify the same public key, right, to get to 163, it's 256 minus n hashes. If we just add n hashes to that intermediate hash, we're actually able to get to the public key on the right-hand side. And so this enables us to use hash-based signatures, which fortunately are not really subject to quantum attacks. The best algorithm against this is Grover's algorithm, which is only quadratically better than classical computing, meaning a 256-bit security algorithm would be 128 bits, which is still above the NIST standard for cryptography safety. Now, there are some limitations that you have to deal with because while Solana is very good at computing and it's very flexible, it does have some inherent limitations. The main one is actually the transaction size limit. So a transaction has 1,232 bytes that you're able to use and a Winternet signature is 1,024 bytes. That doesn't leave a lot of space for us to do a whole lot more other than verify our signature. But thankfully, there is actually a really nice solution because the public key and the signature are both just 32, 256-bit hashes, we're actually able to merkelize them. And so if we merkelize these hashes, we can supply just the left side as you can see here with just the things that are in pink there. Those are our signature values, right? And then on the right-hand side, we just have the pairing hash that we would merkelize up to from the right-hand side of the signature. By doing this, we can split the signature into two gracefully and still recover our private key, the green dot up there. This enables us to actually unlock all kinds of really interesting use cases. Some of the most interesting ones, I would say, are multi-sigs, so adding quantum signing to an existing signature scheme, upgrade authority for programs so that if there were a quantum zero day, you couldn't have your program stolen from you, minting tokens, escrow vaults. This is also compatible with hardware wallets in the same way as you would use a derivation key to derive a private key using your Trezor or your Ledger or whatever. You can actually just derive 32 of them and you can get the same sort of protocol. So this is actually totally compatible with a whole bunch of existing things and it just shows the versatility and flexibility of the protocol. That's about all for today, guys, but if you have any questions, please feel free to come up to me later and yeah, go build something on Solana. All right. GM, Richard Liu, Dr. Payfai, human finance co-founder, and the tech is a little bit different from what I have, so let's see. In 2024, Payfai pick up really strong momentum and it started off from here, Hong Kong. In April, Li Li Li, chairwoman of Solana Foundation introduced a concept of Payfai and the human and the human and Solana decided to team up together to drive Payfai to mainstream. In September, we co-hosted the first ever Payfai Summit. Although it was a new concept, we had over 2,000 people sign up and had really great fun, great sharing. And even two days ago, we had the second Payfai Summit here in Hong Kong. Anybody who have ever been to, show your hand if you attended any Payfai Summit? Not in this corner. Okay, one. Thank you. We're going to do more. Hopefully, more of you guys will attend the conference. In December, Missouri surprised all of us, including myself, by highlighting Payfai as one of the key trends for 2025 because it's nearly too new. We did not expect to go that quick to be picked up by Missouri. What surprised myself was the most was actually I'm not very active on Twitter, but in my quote, my picture, my handle was highlighted by the report, Dr. Payfai. That was very, very amazing. Then, in January, went on to release the first Payfai report. And that's really how the concept picked up more and more very, very quickly. Last month, human released itself its own Payfai ecosystem map and over 60 companies are actively building on Payfai and we see that number growing every month. So then, the question would be, natural, all those are great, great momentum. What is Payfai? Especially with our deck. What is Payfai? Why do I care? Why does crypto industry need to care? Payfai is basically using blockchain to revolutionize payments and financing. and because you think about if there is one thing that is really unique about crypto, that is a blockchain. What is it? It's moving money from point A to point B in the world in subseconds or in seconds. That's amazing. That enables you to disrupt all kinds of existing payments and financing applications from credit card to trade financing to cross-border payments. All those are adding together is $30 trillion business today. And we expect Payfai is able to disrupt all those industries and substantially innovate the product experience and create real value for the world. Because you create real value for the real world, you can command some kind of service fee that allow us to be able to bring that fee on chain and we, for example, in Huma, we are able to generate a double-digit yield that is then if the people will have been working very hard to ask what is crypto's real world impact? I would here declare Payfai is your answer for it because all the value potentially can create all the, you know, financial returns can create it to the people participating into it. That's one. And second one is really is think about the crypto generally is working more in isolation. It's on bubble. But if there is one industry that the entire industry is embracing blockchain, what is it? It's payments. You think about around the world, no matter MasterCard, Visa, you know, PayPal, you know, anti-financial from west to east. Everybody is embracing, everybody is moving forward. Here, I want to declare that, you know, in five years, if all any major payment company, if they don't embrace the PayPal, in five years, they will become obsolete. Right? So, not only, you know, okay, great. Thank you. Thank you. So, I jump forward on this one. So, for PayPal, it's not only you have all this amazing experience creating real value, but also it can enable a lot of amazing, you know, game-changing innovations. So, one of the innovations that I personally feel super excited is T plus zero. For those ones who are not from financial industry, this is basically cross-border settlement. How long does it take? Today, you use a sweep. most of the transactions take three or four days to settle. And that's slow. That's more like a dire up, the internet connection. Remember those days? But, think about this, that one from that to broadband or from your, let's say, the old trains to bullet trains, the entire world changes. And here, from T plus zero, T plus three to T plus zero, you're going to see the entire financial system across the world get totally transformed. For individuals, three days may not matter as much. If you're in a supply chain, if you're in a capital intensive business, that matters a lot. So, I already covered this part, that not only the commercial sector is moving, all the governments are moving, right, from Switzerland to Middle East, to Hong Kong, Singapore, all kinds of friendly crypto, you know, payments, and stable coin regulations have been pushing. The government have been inspiring everybody to work on this. In the past, you would think the U.S. is lagging behind. That changed in last November. Now the president wants to make the U.S. as a center of, you know, crypto capital. And Elon just recently pushed, trying to get government spending all on chain. Think about this. That was unthinkable six months ago. And now it's in real talk. And if government can spend in, can go on chain, any type of payments can go on chain, that will be massive disruption. So here, with all those movement, with the intrinsic value of pay-fi, with all the external environment, here I want to say, 2025 is a year of pay-fi. Are you guys ready for it? Year of pay-fi, 2025. So, to help with the drive the pay-fi movement, Solana Foundation and Huma have decided to team up together to host five more pay-fi summit in 2025, alongside major crypto or payment conferences. So, looking forward, see you guys in some of those conferences. Enough of the pay-fi mega ecosystem, then question would be, what is Huma? And Huma is the first pay-fi network. And we have mainly two parts. Number one is a very powerful financing layer, enable all kinds of structural financing. Then, on top of that, we have all kinds of applications, from credit card, cross-border payments, to trade financing, to deep in financing, all kinds of applications. Of course, we work together with Solana, with stablecoin, different layers, drive the innovation in the entire ecosystem. And, well, the fast-growing pay-fi network, we have already processed over $3.2 billion on-chain transaction, with zero credit default. Not only that, we provide highly competitive and sustainable yield. Today, if you go to Huma's website, you will see that's a yield, stable yield, somewhere 13%-19%, plus our basic points mapped to token rewards in the future. If you look at it, you see an all-come, you know, and all those are single-digit yield. The Huma yield, why I call it sustainable? Because all those yields are from we deploy the capital to real-world payment transactions, help them become better, we charge fees. all those yield coming from real-world earnings, not purely, not from the token emissions. That's why we believe that's sustainable. And crypto world, if we want to go to the next level, we need that level of sustainability. And here, you know, if you check out on Huma's website, we opened the pool two days ago. I want to give everybody here who attended PayFest Summit all consensus opportunity to participate. Unfortunately, I have bad news to share. The pool just filled in two days. But don't be disappointed. We're going to open a new pool by the end of the month again. So if you want to follow up, follow up us on Twitter or Discord, you're going to see it. And whenever the pool is ready, you can jump in. So with that, I'm going to share what's coming next. So, so far, we have built all the foundation for, you know, Huma finance. and all kinds of powerful pools. Next, what's coming very soon, we can launch permissionless so that everybody can participate and also with permissionless that will unlock us to integrate with all the DeFi composability. That means we're able to bring that double-digit yield from real world and inject into all the DeFi ecosystem, make an entire ecosystem much more powerful. and we're going to have our LP token called, you know, PayFest strategy token to go live on Jupiter so that you can get instant liquidity and also Huma token with Bila Solana token and the first on Jupiter LFG follow up with exchanges. That wraps up my presentation. Thank you, everyone. If you want to check out follow Huma finance. Thank you. Thank you.