 Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you so much for joining us. My name is Nick Day. I am our moderator today, and I'm thrilled to be joined by this wonderful panel. We're going to be talking progressive regulation and how we got there, but really quickly, I would just like everyone to briefly introduce themselves, and we'll go from there. Albert, why don't you kick us off? Hi. Good afternoon. My name is Albert Isler. I'm the senior partner of a law firm in Gibraltar called Isler. I was the former minister for financial services in our government from 2013 to 2023, and we introduced the world's first DLT blockchain legal and regulatory framework in 2018. Hi, everyone. My name is Kunal Raj. I was a partner at Baker McKenzie, a law firm back in Bangkok for several years. Then now, I moved and worked with the city office, and I co-founded the fintech and digital asset group within Baker McKenzie, Bangkok, and are now in charge of fintech digital asset matters. Yeah. Thank you. My name is Steve Vallis. I'm running my own advisory practice across Australia and the Asia region more generally. I used to be the CEO of the peak industry body and spend a lot of time now in a cross-border way of bringing people together and trying to get some coordination in regulatory frameworks that are always very much fragmented. Hi, everybody. My name is Chung Phan. I'm from Vietnam. I'm chairman of Vietnam Blockchain Association. I come here, want to share about new strategy. blockchain, blockchain, national strategy of blockchain Vietnam is many regulations have support by Vietnamese. I hope share opportunity for any technology company, any expert can come to Vietnam and look at opportunity. Yeah. Thank you. Awesome. Awesome. So, let's get right into it. Obviously, Gibraltar, you mentioned, came out pretty early in the regulatory legislative front addressing crypto. Thailand, I believe, had something fairly early. What factors drove countries like Gibraltar, Thailand to get into it, to look at this industry and say, okay, we want to actually pay attention here? I think the key for us, I mean, we started the first working group 10 years ago in 2015. And we, as a small, agile jurisdiction, what we do very well is get the private sector with a regulator and the government working together to set up a framework, not just in this, we've done it with online gaming, we've done it with insurance. We have 44% of the UK's motor insurance written from Gibraltar. So, we're agile and we're quick and we're very good at getting things done far quicker than the larger, more chunky jurisdictions can. So, when we started the working group to see if we could do this, we looked at traditional finance and how that's regulated and whether there was another way of doing it for the DLT regime, which was more principles-based. We came to the conclusion with the private sector that you couldn't have the prescriptive rules that you have insolvency to for insurance or MIFID in wealth management. So, what we did was we built nine core principles which every single firm has to comply with. So, firms had to be licensed and then supervised, adhering to those core principles. So, all the usual stuff, corporate governance, anti-money laundering, security, all those are covered by the nine core principles. And then three years ago, we added a tenth core principle, which is particularly relevant I think these days, on market manipulation. And again, it was the first regime for digital assets dealing with market manipulation. So, we've had a very good experience. We've gone for quality over quantity. It's encouraged more players to come into Gibraltar and run their trade from there. And all we sought to do was give people a framework that was pragmatic, practical. You could work with it, but you could innovate. And I think the legal certainty that we gave by regulating people is what firms wanted and have come to Gibraltar from, frankly, all over the world. Kulwara, do you agree? Is that they have viewed it the same way? Sure. I think for Thailand, we took a little bit of a different approach. Well, Thailand introduced the comprehensive, like descriptive, digital asset regulatory framework under the emergency decree on digital asset businesses law back in May 2018. So, a little bit later after Gibraltar. And so, basically, if you remember back at the time, there was another market run back then, 2017, 2018. A lot of retail investors just flocked into the market, trading through unlicensed exchanges and investing in ICO. A lot of ICO projects that later on turned out to be frauds and scams and failed projects. So, that prompted the government back then and the regulators to address this issue on an urgent basis. So, that's why the law was issued as an emergency decree by the cabinet and later on ratified by the parliament. And the key objectives were mainly investor protection and also market integrity. And this law regulates mostly two things. The regulated activities as intermediaries and token sale activities. So, from then on, exchanges, brokers, dealers will have to be licensed and comply with certain standards like KYC, CDD, IT security, market conduct, so on and so forth. And then later on, additional regulated activities like fund manager, advisor, and custodian are regulated as well. From token sale activity side to prevent the fraudulent ICOs. So, they require the issuers of investment tokens. Basically, security tokens elsewhere which are regulated as securities in other countries. And utility tokens that are issued for fundraising purposes to do the filing, obtain and approval from the SEC unless exempt. So, where we are now looking at the market. Thailand is considered generally as quite a vibrant market given the size of the market itself. We have around 3.3 billion US dollars worth of digital assets kept in the trading account with licensed exchange in Thailand alone. Well, it's not, and about 2.5 trading accounts. Well, it's not impressive when you compare to other bigger markets. But compared to the same size market, then it's pretty impressive. No one knows how the market would have been without these early regulations. But I think at least one, the key is the objective of the law, which is investor protection. Australia, I think, has kind of been a bit more resistant to creating a bespoke regulatory framework for crypto. So, what factors, I guess, from Australia's point of view, led to that or led to that kind of decision making? I think the biggest challenge we have is our systems are pretty good. You know, our payments are pretty fast. They're pretty efficient. The costs are relatively low. It's a mature financial services sector. And so, the challenge of if it ain't broke, don't fix it, I think, played into the way the jurisdiction viewed this space. And when I was having conversations about regulation back in 2018 and 2019, there was just not a general sense of the impact it would have in a horizontal way. So, I was always and have continued to talk to people in verticals about this subject matter. And when I spoke to regulators back then, I said, how are you resourcing this? And they said, we've got someone on it because they're doing all these things. I said, it's that sort of cross-jurisdictional challenge, cross-regulatory challenge. Everyone just thought they were doing their bit and then they would come together at some point in time. And that approach has not worked well. What ended up happening in the interim was jurisdictions that we looked to most obviously, the UK as a primary one, they didn't move too quickly. And so, Australia will tell themselves a story, which is we're a fast follower. And my joke is always, you're not a fast follower if you follow people who aren't fast. And so, the UK took its time and we took our time. And then, I think the thing that had the greatest impact, which ultimately probably leaves us a little bit flat-footed, is IOSCO-led conversations and the US position globally was such that our regulators took a lot of comfort that what the big dog was doing in America, we were following. And so, we went slow. And unfortunately, that dog has now turned around and run in the opposite direction. And we find ourselves in a difficult position because we weren't preparing for this rapid evolution and change. And so, we're somewhat behind where we could have otherwise been. And now, the question for regulators would be if there's an appetite to accelerate back into what's happening in other jurisdictions. Right. Right. So, Trun, I want to throw to you now. Vietnam, obviously, is, I think, getting ready to begin introducing crypto regulations. What factors do you think, you know, the government's looking at? What's important now as, you know, in 2025 with this market of meme coins and, you know. Yeah. Thanks. A long time, Vietnam is a good market for many exchange come there, Binance, Binance, or many centralised exchanges. I think 80% managed by foreign exchange. Local is very small. But any indicator from China is rating Vietnam always top ten. Seven crypto owners. Seventeen crypto owners. Every year, 100 billion US dollars come to Vietnam. Wow. So, very, very good or not good. A long time, government don't care. But on December last year, government has issued a national strategy of blockchain in Vietnam and vision looking in 2030. Government want to bring value from gray area to white area. Support local companies, local partners, or representative offices for international open in Vietnam. Support for any innovation technology in fintech. Yeah. I hope last second quarter, nation assembly will approve its new regulation in Vietnam has access, crypto access, and bitcoin and virtual access follow FATF standards. Because, long time, long time, it's 2030, Vietnam is a big problem in traditional financial market. Vietnam need to find how about standard follow FATF, has regulation, clear in virtual access, and bring value from innovation technology put to fintech product innovation. I think the market will be changed. I met many companies in consensus in Hong Kong. I share two key points. It is Vietnam open market for technology for experts come to Vietnam. Many companies can set up joint venture and contact with us. I will like to connect with government and community and foreign and local exchange nowadays want to bring. I hope it is a market will be changed. I hope it is a market will be changed. Openity for all, not local, not experts. But any finance institution or company or people understand it today needs balance benefit between government and community and community and community and foreign and foreign. I hope it is a market will be changed. Openity for all, not local, not experts. But any finance institution or company or people understand it today needs balance benefit and opportunity between government and community in local and foreign. If I am in the world. I hope it is a market will be changed. I hope the market will be changed. I hope the market will be changed. Openity for all, not local, not experts. Any finance institution or company or people understand it today need balanced benefit opportunity between government and community in local and forest now. Yes, I hope the legal framework in Vietnam will be changed and support crypto space and new industry will grow. Yeah, that's all. Right. So throwing this open to the panel, obviously we are in a bit of an interesting moment in, I think, crypto history, right? Bitcoin has been on a tear over recent months. Meme coins have proliferated. Not to get into the geopolitics of it all, but we now have presidential meme coins, some of which are in a weird place, let's say. But how are regulators and how should regulators maybe, you know, how should they deal with that? Just the different kind of concerns we're seeing now. When we did this back in 2018, the kind of things that worried us were the same things that worry people today. Consumer protection, investor confidence. But ultimately the big goal was if you don't have regulation, you're not going to get adoption from the institutions. And if this is going to go the way everybody wants it to go, mainstream, it needs to have institutional support. And that means regulation. I remember speaking at my first blockchain conference in London in 2018. And when I mentioned regulation, I got booed. Those days have long gone. People understand. And perhaps if the world had moved quicker, you know, ICOs I thought were a wonderful way of startups raising money. But because of the lack of regulation, the lack of process, the lack of consumer protection, it just got burnt. The scams and the scandals that happen around token sales cause so many problems. So our view has always been focus on the quality of the business, focus on the integrity, focus on the consumer protection. And that will bring the sorts of players that replicate that thinking. So firms like, for example, Bullish, who are here today, are one of the firms licensed on operating from Gibraltar. Why? Because they wanted to do things properly. They wanted to be regulated. And they wanted to have that relationship with a regulator who is pragmatic, who you can talk to. And for me, the bigger or the smaller crypto gets, it's still the same issue. We still have to address the fundamentals of how you regulate it in a way that will enable innovation to proceed like we think we have done. We're now looking at the next stage of what we do in Gibraltar for the next level of legislation that will be coming through in the coming months. So I think regulators and policymakers have to work very closely with the private sector. We don't know everything. And we need to work with private sector, with regulators, sitting around a table, understanding the concerns, the objectives, and how best to get there. I think, Nick, there's a challenge that flows from that. And it's the opposite side of that coin. Largely with regulators, too often, in my experience in recent times, it's an academic exercise. You know, how does this fit within our existing regime? What are we going to characterise this thing as? And one of the challenges is with products like stablecoins, product market fit at the moment is a US dollar-backed stablecoin. So you can spend all the time in the world talking about this perfectly, you know, sort of crafted, regulated stablecoin that has insert country as a backed value, but does anyone want it? And so I think people are often sort of failing to sort of appreciate that the incentives are driving this outcome. The technology is agnostic and is agnostic in a way that people aren't familiar with, even if they don't like it. And so I'm watching in Australia and a variety of other jurisdictions. If you can't compete with the US dollar-backed stablecoin with some of the big issuers, then is yield possibly going to be something you'll do to incentivise people to partake? That's a functional conversation, which is very difficult for regulators to have because they're focused on the risk associated with this as well. And in jurisdictions like Australia, there is no capital formation mandate that ASIC, for example, has. And so they just don't turn their attention to it. So that's kind of the challenges is how do you balance this very different world when it comes to economic incentives, which what is otherwise been a very comfortable space for regulators to constrain by geography. That geographical boundary has sort of been very much, very much put to one side in the way this is developing. Thank you. Any people, any new users, yeah, not good. But the market has educated many times like US, I think maybe it's fairly support positive, but in Africa it's not good, right? And Vietnam, it's not, of Vietnam and now it's many, many projects have issued. It's a big project, not like MemeCoin, but nothing, very fun. And the public of the world is not named for our country, right? We are, but it's a big problem. But it's a big problem. It's a big problem. Hacker and scam has many issues like AC Infinity has to lose 600,000 USD or Kyber elliptic has to lose 600,000 USD or Kyber elliptic has to lose 600,000 USD. It's about near 50 million USD. We are now from VBA, we are support non-profit. Why? Because it's so expensive. It's used the investigation like analysis. Very good. But don't have money, it's a small project. We are designed changes. Investigation support many scam projects of the world. Scam for Vietnam, for US like FBI. We are hard to issue non-profit. I hope this market, educate market for each user needs to protect yourself. No legal framework can't. Educate market every day. Yes. But government, each country needs support community. Support. Example is Vietnam, no legal framework, no thing. But we are sure that if we are public in newspaper about this project scam, it's no user, no can want to buy that token. It's a market. Totally. I think we are hard to support this market better if community support. Don't wait for legal framework. Legal framework may be step by step. It's by government. It's a community from non-profit. Connect and set up standards. It's the best solution. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well, I think what I'm seeing as a trend is that obviously everyone is seeing a more wider global crypto adoption. And also regulatory wise, we're seeing everyone's leaning towards regulation rather than compared to before. So unfortunately for some people who want to stay in the unregulated world, that might not really work anymore. But it's just a matter of how to get the regulations right. And another theme that I see coming out is that because the institutional investors wanting to be exposed into the crypto market, many of them are already actively engaging that. Some of the traditional funds or institutional investors may want to have the regulations that support them to be able to invest in crypto. Some of them are still prohibited to do so. What we're seeing is that in the future, there may be more and more regulations that allow certain types of financial vehicles to be able to invest in crypto. The last trend that I see is that with the US in the picture, with their stance and everything, the positive stance of the US now, it would boost the public confidence and continue to create a wider crypto adoption. And with the US coming into the picture, I think we might potentially see more collaboration in terms of international collaboration in terms of a record tree harmonization that everyone has been talking about now. Building on that, obviously, the US recently saw President Donald Trump inaugurated, not to be the American on the panel. But what does the kind of new approach to crypto mean for the existing efforts that we've seen? Is there a concern that companies might say, OK, the US is open for business, it's bigger, you know, 350 million people, so possibly bigger customer base, possibly more capital. Is that going to be an issue for these other countries that have been trying so hard to, you know, already have a framework in place? I think people need to be honest about what value they have or can create. That's not the US. I mean, the US is such an enormous market that if you've got a choice, many people just say we're just going to stay in the US, they don't need to look further abroad. I look at jurisdictions like the UAE, you know, they're trying to diversify their economy. And so they're very aggressively in market saying, we're not saying bring capital, we're saying bring a commitment to the jurisdiction. And, you know, if you talk to both Dubai and Abu Dhabi regulators, they're also within themselves competing. And so that natural competition and a competition for resources and a recognition they're never going to be the US, but they might act as a conduit to service other parts of the region, that's their value prop. And I think all sort of jurisdictions have to have a very honest conversation now that says, what's your value prop in a world where the US, with whatever it is, $28 trillion economy says, we're going to be a major player in this. And that's something I think a lot of jurisdictions haven't come to grips with yet. Yeah, I think I want to build on that competition point. Well, market dynamics wise, if you compare the US, which is a very big market to the other markets trying to lead the crypto world, and I think pretty sure with this coming out of the US, it's going to create that competitive pressure on the other jurisdictions. But for the more like smaller markets, having the US as the big guy saying that, oh, crypto, here we go, then it's a lot of public confidence in that. So I think overall, there's also some positive impact on that. And I like your point where then issue restrictions will, some of them would need to find your own narrative, your own story to sell, right? Like in Thailand, for example, we're a pretty small emerging market, but we're thinking about sandbox like in Phuket to support tourism cryptocurrency, allowing cryptocurrencies to be used for payments in Thailand. But this is still quite an initial phase, but we're building on our strengths. We're building, we're looking back in to see what are the strengths and right on the wave of this boom and use our strengths as the tourism country to do this. So there are people who agree with it, would say that, okay, with this crypto for tourism sandbox, you might bring in capital inflow, you might boost the tourism. But at the same time, you also have people who are against it and worried about foreign, worry about financial stability, worry about financial sovereignty even. So it's really a matter of policy choice for each country, see where you are in the world and how you move forward in this stage. I think, Nick, for me there are two points. The first one is that if you want to see the impact, you look at traditional financial services. Every jurisdiction has got its objective and its method of getting to its objective. There's no difference here. So if you want to see what's going to happen in terms of the competition aspect, I think it'll be very much the same. US market is the US market and this industry goes cross-border all over the world. But if you look at the impact on the sector, then I think it's a game changer. I think the US taking the steps it's done, going from one extreme of prosecuting to the other extreme of enabling, is going to make a massive difference in enabling other countries all over the world to say, well, if they can do it, we can do it too. And I think that will give the industry a big, big push. I think this time next year, we'll be able to see what's going to happen. Next year, we'll be in a very different place in terms of international adoption directly because of that. And each of the jurisdictions will look at themselves and keep offering what they do today in traditional finance, but in this space too. So, you know, Gibraltar competes with all the other offshore zones, whether it's Channel Islands, Caribbean Islands, which are all small, agile countries. That will stay the same whether the US is in or out, but it will facilitate business for everyone by them adopting it rather than prosecuting it, for sure. So, we have about a minute left. I want to just quickly run down the panel. Closing question. A philosophical one that we're going to answer in 60 seconds flat. Do regulations imply costs for businesses or are they something that can encourage them? I think compliance is actually very positive for the businesses because it's checking the clients that can cause you problems if you go through that process. It has a cost, no question. And therefore, the risk to the regulated industry is the unregulated industry, not surprisingly, where they can do the same business but without that cost. And I think their days are numbered. Yes, we'll agree. Regulations, good regulations with healthy amount of regulations will actually be helpful to create a stable business environment. While, of course, bad, impractical regulations will drive away businesses. I think the more important issue here is what are the factors that the businesses want to see in a regulation. So, I think obviously from the business operators that I've talked to and from the research, I think clarity, certainty, adaptability, of course, and also not over regulations as well as the keeping and we will be able to achieve all this. So, I think we'll need to keep that active collaboration between the regulators and the market participants. For me, it's a world of relativities. They are a cost to business. But if your costs are, in a relative sense, much more or much more onerous, then you lose in this game because there's transparency across the world now with respect to this. And I think that cost competition in a regulatory sense is not anything that regulators have had to deal with as obviously as they do in this sector. Okay. I think that today is Vietnam don't have any legal framework, don't have such a potential potential investor. Yeah, lose money very quickly. Yeah, because it's a rough pool. Yeah. If Vietnam has issue, Vietnam has decided legal framework very clear as support for investors don't have, don't have, don't have lose money and protect assets is very important. Secondly, Vietnam has two kinds of assets supported by Vietnamese government. Number one is the renewal assets. Assets protected by renewal and organizations like has high IRR. I hope that the real world assets are cheaper tax, maybe like security 0.1 is very good compared to other countries. Secondly, main coin, like Bitcoin. Bitcoin, I hope, is compared with good assets like gold in Vietnam. Many people have hope, I hope, is now increased cost and process. Use a new technology in the structure of renewal assets and support is on Chinese no-financial, like banks, like security can bring assets to and distributed of the world. The need is Chinese no-financial is a high cost. Yeah. It's my view. Right. Awesome. Well, thank you all very much and thank you all for sitting with us here. We have, I think, more sessions to go, but we are wrapping up now. Thank you all to my wonderful panelists. Yeah. I think it was a good session. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.