 Hi everybody, I'm Ben Shilla. This is Grace Wong. Hi. Unique Grace Wong. How are you doing today? Thank you for having me. Yes, I had a wonderful... Hong Kong is the best because it has all the nice food here. It really is. Everything you want to eat is here. So Grace, Liven, tell us about it. What is it? Liven is basically a startup that I founded 10 years ago with a vision that once I got into this blockchain world, when I discovered I learned all these powerful things that you can do. And what if everyone one day have their own version of money and they can use it to really do better with marketing, better loyalty, but more importantly, how they can fund their businesses if they had their own currency. So I wanted to... I got into hospitality because I'm thinking, how do you distribute a currency is the only way to get into the payment space. And payments where everyday people make. So frequent and high volume. So that's why I'm in the hospitality space. Because if I ask anyone here, if you spend some money on food yesterday or in the last few days, I'm sure everyone will have a hand up. So I went in there and then today we work with like 6,000 restaurants and like we do everything for them, payments and everything else. I'll talk a bit more about how I do it. But basically we process about 4 billion transactions and then we touch about 10 million end users, consumers, and then we are very big, largest player in Southeast Asia, Australia and all the Asia. And then, yeah, that's what I do currently. So it's a loyalty token for hospitality companies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So it's interesting because we were talking before when we were prepping for this about the kind of distinction between, you know, sort of some projects in crypto that don't really have to real world utility, you know, meme coins maybe, and the kind of struggle for crypto adoption in different places in the world. But this is really an example of people actually using a token in the very sort of real world of, you know, restaurants and cafes and things. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So my thesis has always been, like we all here because we are fascinated by the blockchain technology and then what it can do to change our real life every day. But then I, over the last 10 years, if you, I actually prepared a slide, but for operation reason, I am not getting the slide up. But I actually looked into like for the last 10 years, if you look at Bitcoin adoption rate, it's actually the same, almost same constant since 10 years ago till now. And then if a max, non-Bitcoin maxes will be like, well, you can't look at Bitcoin adoption as their representation. Then we looked at Ethereum and it's also very similar. It's all side through and then it's never really growing up. And so, and then the monthly rate is the same. So if a venture capitalist look at crypto as a product, like adoption wise, then it is a really bad product. And then, so we all need to really figure out how to get more adoption because currency is a network. And really network only gets valuable over time, the more adoption happens. If there's a less users and connections in the network, then the network has no value. And so blockchain for especially matters. The more users actually adopted, the more transparency, trust and whatever we really like a many, less manipulation happens in the network. So I want to see more founders who, I mean, in the last 10 years that we say that blockchain has been focusing on infrastructure, building it to make it actually usable. But today we have so many chains. We don't need faster chain. We don't need more sophisticated chain. Let's just get some real use cases going. But a lot of founders, I still, I can't believe it. After that FTX crash and then Sam Bankman stuff happened and still crypto going back to meme coins and celebrity coins and like, come on, like we all know that's bullshit. And in the sense that if we don't actually work on some of the real things that matters to us everyday life, like change the way I do, then crypto will not last that long. It's been 10 years and AI and internet, everything else is like technologies adopted by actual mainstream. But whereas crypto is still, all the founders, I feel, still making products and problem solving some of the crypto native people's problem. The problem that we created because of the crypto, but not actually go out and do. So I have so much to talk about how I actually do it. But that is, um, we only have 15 minutes. So, okay, great. So, I mean, why do you think people have been adopting? Oh, okay. Do I have some slide? Oh yeah. So this was what I'm talking about. Like, see how it's all side worth. This is a Bitcoin, um, uh, like active users since 2017 to now. Look, this is not a great product. Yeah. And, um, this is, uh, Ethereum, same thing. And while internet and mobile use going high like this. So, this is Aliven's current adoption. We have all these brands, global brands. And we do, um, we have some, the way I solve the challenges is I try to give currency to brands. And then the brand is asking, but what does it really do for me? I don't need a whole another way of payment because everyone's already got visa and everyone is already have Apple pay. There's no problem with payment. Give me something that give me more revenue, customer driving. Can your technology do something that make me more different and in terms of money and customers? Right. So in order to do that, then you need to build programmability, like, uh, functions to the currency, not just the ability to start being used. And so this is what I now today do is that for the restaurant owners, I try to give just the loyalty functions. And then I try to tell them, if you have your own version of money, there's a whole new way of financing your business. But then in order to do that, I need to really actually get into their core system. So we all know here builders like Web3 is trying to innovate the way lending works, the way loyalty works. And there's so much potential if you use token to do it. But the token is meaningless if it can be actually integrated into the core system and be used every day. So the core system we are talking in the restaurant sense is like point of sale. So we have like the inventory module and stock management module. Just walk us through how it actually works when I actually walk into the restaurant and I buy my hamburger. How does the liven system work? Yeah. So you see in the restaurant space, there's a front house and then there's a back house. A case of experience. All the things that you see and touch, like the kiosk. So we have like, for example, Shake Shack, the burger chain. And they have like self-ordering, all this and then that. So eventually I own them all. So all the software, about 32 different software Shake Shack is using different to bring the business together. And I actually do all of this just so that I can give them payment and loyalty experience that are different. Because otherwise, if it's not integrated totally, it doesn't make sense for business to be actually using it to grow themselves. So when you say walk you through it, I mean, the front end is only 10% of what we do. We do reservation, kiosk, order ready, point of sale, table management, like literally everything. And for 10 years, this is all I've been doing so that I can have owned the right to process their payments and loyalty. And so get into the deep so that currency can be smart and currency can be programmable. So in this day and age, brands now are looking for, I want to leverage AI. And because I think that's what helps us to be better making decisions everywhere. But the data is crucial when you want to use AI. But all the data, if one brand, look at this, every brand currently have different vendors, a point of sale, different, light speed, or kiosk is something else, loyalty is something else. So that means all the data is in silo mode. So every brand has lots of collection of data, but no one has a system of intelligence, something that they can use it to automatically run the business. And that's the power of our programmable currency. We can program our currency because we have all this system so we can connect the data all together. So finally, I can give to them a powerful currency that actually lifts up their revenue. When you say it's programmable, I mean, how is it programmed to do what? Yes. So a simple example is like, let's say you have a lot of mushroom on the stock. And then because you bought it because when it's on sale and then Italian restaurant. And then the front end have all this database of customers. And then on the point of sale, you have all these people who ate the mushroom risotto at some point. But loyalty team has no idea how to really get rid of the mushroom fast away. But if in our system, our system recognizes that mushroom is cheap, so buy a lot. So they automatically buy a lot. And then it heats up the front end and then find the customers who already love risotto, mushroom risotto, and specifically target them and give them mushroom dollar for that restaurant to come. So you're not doing blind marketing. You're actually targeting the particular. And to do this, you need every point of data. When you ate, what you like, item level, and then when you bought the mushroom and how and when and everything else. But when you do that, you can do so many powerful things like that. And we do that today. And that's why we're winning brands. So when you say mushroom token, it's a white label token, right? You can call it whatever you want. So if you're a target, a mushroom loving, satsu eaters. So, for example, we have like a Coca-Cola invested in us as well. And then they wanted to create like Coca-Cola token because they have a relationship problem where once they sold it to wholesalers, they have no idea if Ben drank Coca-Cola. And then you gave me a Coca-Cola. That's a super important data, but they're missing out. But for them, in order to track all the way until from the supply side to the end user, they need this kind of system. And there's no systems. I had to actually go and build all that system. So go into point of sale. And the point of sale world is like a very like mafia. Like they don't want anyone to come in and integrate. So that is actually the main problem for crypto adoption. No matter how much you try to actually get in, you get into that integration problem. And then when you have an integration problem, they are like not going to help you integrate unless you pay a lot of money. So I just had to like build everything myself. And we have 100 integrations now done. So we do shopping malls and restaurants and hotels. So finally, any builders here want to build actual real use cases can just hit me up because I have integrations and you can directly put like real use cases through me. Okay. So we only have one minute. So just give us the takeaway here. If our audience needs to remember one thing, what is it? Yeah. So the takeaway is that like even like this kind of innovation, this is a magic app I had to create. And this magic app is basically as a founder, I look at first core principle of solving real world as in real as in pain point before I'm thinking, oh, it has to be web three like, has to be web two like. It doesn't matter whether it has to be web three or what. You just need to really solve a problem. And to do that, for example, in my case, loyalty, like if you go to McDonald's, do you download their app? It doesn't matter web two or web three. You just go and then, because you want to eat the burger, the last thing you want to do is like signing up and shit, right? So if we can't even solve that basic problem, how can you give them a wallet that you have to like figure out the KYC and whatever, whatever, all that. So I had to solve some of the more important problems like onboarding users by giving them magic where you don't need to sign up anything. You don't need to do anything. You just really pay and then all your tokens are earned. So this is my live product as well. So for the one last comment to the founders is really don't think about tokenization so much. Tokenization is only a better model. You need to first figure out your business model and sustainable revenue model and actually solve real world business problem first and then use tokenization to enhance that business model, not the other way around and then get excited and then do the token generation and then sell tokens first and then try to figure out real world use cases. Great. Thank you so much, Grace. And that was Grace Wong. Thank you.