 My name is Brandon Comer, I'm the co-founder of Shogun, and we're going to be talking about how our agentic intents basically unchained DeFi AI to be able to interact with any different primitive on any blockchain as if they were all one. And so Shogun, just to give you a little background, our main mission is to make all the different blockchains consolidate into one unified application layer. So you can interact with all the different blockchains without having to feel the different sort of issues that comes with that. So gas, wallets, having to know different protocols and bridges, we eliminate all of that through intents, and now we're taking that a step further, and we're applying it to AI agents. Next slide. And so just before we get into intents, let's talk about AI agents a little bit. AI agents have been exploding into Web3. Now, as of December of 2024, there was an estimated 10,000 AI agents in Web3 alone. And by the end of 2025, we estimate that there's going to be over 1 million agents. Now, obviously, there's a huge amount of cumulative value with that over $5 billion as of today. But one of the questions that we have is, you know, does the valuation actually match the functionality? Because a lot of AI agents seem to be pretty limited in their functionality. Next slide. And so what are AI agents great at today? Well, they're great at chatting. We see all the reply guys like AIXBT, the roast masters of the world. All of them are very conversational and are very good at interacting with users. But outside of that, there's not a lot of functionality. So take it a step further. What about abstraction? Maybe there's an AI agent that you can basically send a ticker to, and it can analyze whether it's a good trade or not. But outside of that, it's pretty limited in on-chain functionality. And so that's the problem that we're trying to solve for AI agents right now, is how can we make their functionality match their valuation so that they can explode even further? And so to understand why that on-chain functionality is limited. Let's go next slide and take a look at DeFi in its current state today. Now, outside of Shogun, this is what DeFi looks like. You have different applications for different use cases. You have different bridges that you have to know, different wallets on different blockchains, and it all becomes very cumbersome. You have different tabs open all the time just to do one activity. Maybe even a different analytics software, like Deck Screener, that you're analyzing your trades with. Now, if you take this a step beyond trades, next slide, it gets even messier. And so if you're talking about lending, if you want to do anything with perps, you're going to get pretty complicated there. And so just like it's complicated for a person, it gets complicated for an AI agent to actually be able to maneuver all of this together. Now, how we solve this for people is, the next slide, we basically made it so that you can trade any token on any chain as if it was one. And so this is an actual demo of our live web app. You can actually play with this at gun.fun. And so what we do is any blockchain, say, base, all the EVMs, all the Solanas of the world, and even all L1s like Barachain, we combine them all together and we just make it all one click. And so we do this with a combination of intents, account abstraction, and a couple other technologies. But ultimately, this is a very easy to use software that really extends who can actually interact with DeFi. Now, next slide. Now, how does this work? So the same way that we've revolutionized this for people, we're trying to revolutionize this for AI agents. And so how that works is two main levels. So there's the smart order routing aspect. And so what that is, is Shogun acts as an aggregator of aggregators. So we aggregate everything on chain and not just on one chain, not just Solana. We're aggregating every single chain that we support and not just the individual chains and the data that exists on them. We're also aggregating at different interop solutions. And so think about like across, DeBridge, Stargate, all of that exists in the Shogun API. And so we find you the best routes based on speed, based on price. And we're always there to basically suggest how to get from one place to the other, one click and as fast as possible. Now, how we take that a step further is with the intent auctions. And so if you don't know what intents are, intents are one of those words that have kind of been made a little LARP over the years. And so next slide. This is what an intent looks like. And so what you're essentially doing with an intent is you're separating the, what the user wants to do and how you're actually executing that. And so this has been one of the biggest pain points in crypto for a long time. Basically, if you were a trader or if you were an on-chain user, you had to know exactly how to do, how to get to point, from point A to point B, whether that's through all of the individual routing solutions, all of the different bridges, all of the different DeFi primitives, you had to handle that process on your own. And so what does that do for normies? Well, it excludes them from being able to use DeFi. And so using intents, we've made it a lot easier for people. Now, what we want to do is expand this so that it can be agentic. Basically, how do you take an AI agent and allow it to interact with solvers? Next slide. And so just to give you an example of the separation of intent and execution, here's what I'm talking about. So one of my favorite coins right now is BM on Barochain. It's one of the biggest meme coins out there. And so say you want to take SWE from the SWE blockchain, you want to ape into that coin, you see it rising, you want to get in on the action. Well, the intent of that is actually that what I just said, I want to swap SWE for BM on Barochain. Well, how do you actually do that? You have to have a SWE wallet, you have to have a Barochain wallet, you have to have gas all over the place, you have to know to bridge, you have to know to, you know, bridge that ETH to Barochain, and then you have to swap that Baro to BM. And so it's a pretty arduous process. We make this all one click, though, by separating that execution. And so instead of having the user have to know the execution logic, a solver, a specialist basically executes that for them. Next slide. And so this is where it gets interesting. So agentic intents. Agentic intents is basically how do we make the process of intents work with an AI agent. And so instead of a user, you have an agent basically interacting with the solvers. And what this allows you to do is really vast automation. And so next slide. This is what the protocol is doing. And so there's a lot of equations here. It's pretty complicated, as you can see. But what the user ends up seeing, if we can go to the next slide, is that same logic. So that's basically what's happening here. You have basically intents that are mixing and matching all the different blockchains and the primitives. And then you can combine these different swaps with arbitrary contract data so that you can combine, say, a swap with a lending interaction or a perp or any really on-chain interaction overall. Now, next slide. Now, what does this mean? Well, I come from the era of DeFi summer. That was what really got me into crypto full-time. And one of the things I really loved about that was the concept of money Legos. But so if you're not familiar with money Legos, it's basically like, you know, taking out a loan on Aave and then taking that, you know, Aave collateral and putting it somewhere else or maybe using like convex or curved with different LP tokens. And so you can mix and match all of these different building blocks together. So you make something really new and novel that doesn't really exist anywhere else. Now, that kind of died out though, because it's pretty difficult to use. Money Legos are something that specialists like myself would do. But for a normie, you can't really do that. But now it is possible with intents. So what we can do is basically take all of the best protocols on all the best blockchains and combine them together. And so let me give you an example of, you know, what's the best chain to trade major assets on? I would say it's hyperliquid. And now that they have spots, spot BTC through units, we can combine that with say the long tail assets on pump.fun or through things like Aave and Camino and really just mixing and matching these things. And you can create these really novel products that don't really exist anywhere else. Next slide. And so I'll give you an example here. And so we've got a demonstration of our upcoming front end with the actual AI agent. And so right here is on-chain lending. So basically managing your different Aave loans, taking care of the health of it in an automated fashion. Basically all of the things that you would do on Aave or Compound or any of the lending protocols, the AI agent can actually automate for you and interact on-chain for you. Next slide. You also have things like yield optimization. So think about Yearn and how that kind of revolutionized for DeFi Summer. Now you can do yield optimization not just on one chain, but you can have access to any individual chain. So all you have to do is say, hey, I have ETH. I want to get the highest APY for it. It'll analyze all the lending protocols, all the different farming protocols, and it could actually just go ahead and take care of that for you. And it can manage the risk for you as well. Next slide. And finally, for this example, a portfolio rebalancer. So this is something that's really popular in TradFi. If you think about something like robo-investing, things like Betterment, this has been really popular, especially with like Gen Z and younger crowds, they want something that's a little bit easier to use, something that can kind of take care of itself, but still can get you pretty good returns. So say, for example, you create a portfolio and one of your coins runs. Say you invested in some meme coin and it went on 100x. Well, now your portfolio is extremely unbalanced. This AI agent can basically take your portfolio, rebalance it for you, and execute all of those transactions and do it in an automated fashion, which is really pretty cool. Next slide. Now, how we take this up a step is really incorporating AI agents not just as the person submitting the intent, but actually as the solver. Now, you might ask, why would you want to do that? Well, think about what a solver is. A solver is typically a person and they're limited in terms of what they can solve. They have to, you know, you have to pay a person to actually index the data. You have to have servers to do all this. You have to put in the manual effort and know these different things, which takes up time in an individual person's day. With an AI agent, there's no limitation in how long they can work. And so you can add so much decisioning to an individual trade that doesn't exist anywhere else. And so what this can do, and will really emphasize, is protect users from some pretty bad actors out there. And so next slide. And so I'll give you an example here. And so what we can do with the AI agents as a solver, is we can ingest data into them to add decisioning. And so what I mean by that is, say for example, you wanted to risk profile individual accounts for copy trading. A lot of folks know, well, a lot of folks don't know this, but if you trade, you know that most KOLs will have like a public wallet that they buy things with. And then really they have a private wallet that they're dumping on you with. And so a lot of copy traders get wrecked this way. A lot of apps that kind of build their whole identity around copy trading end up going under because of this. And so what we can do is make this a smart and preemptive cautionary aspect. And so what I mean by that is, say for example, we have the on-chain trading history of every account. If we know that the accounts are high risk that are buying something, we can stay away from them. So we don't need to know if this is a KOL. We don't even need to know who the person is. We can analyze what their trading history is. And before the user buys, which is preemptive, not after the fact, we can warn them that, hey, this is probably going to be something that rugs you. Next slide. And so that's where automatic rug protection comes in. So at Shogun, we're a little bit different from other founders. We love to use DeFi. We trade all the time. If you've heard of my co-founder, the top Jeep Rahul, he's pretty famously ran $5,000 to $30 million over the last cycle and then kind of round tripped it back to a seven. So this is something that would have helped him a lot too because he got rugged quite a bit. If you were part of the Libra token with Javier Malay, this is something you probably would have wanted. And so what we do here is the same way that we can take individual account positions and basically track them and see if they actually typically rug people, what kind of extractive behavior they have. We can build a profile around them. And so before the user buys, say you're in an API and you're trying to buy a meme token, the AI agent can actually give you a warning that, hey, this is a high probability rug. And what this does is preemptively solve the issue. So if you look at a lot of rugs and a lot of us have been dealing with this with like the LA vape cabal and the dude with the giant shoulders and the tiny head from Kelsey's, it's irritating, right? Because you get rugged and then afterwards you use like chain analysis and you figure it all out. Maybe you send it to ZachXBT, maybe you send it to CoffeeZilla. It's all after the fact though and you've already lost your money. What we're trying to do is make it so that preemptively you don't ever get into that situation so that we can basically warn you on this. Next slide. And so taking that a step further, the same way we can analyze the negativity that's associated with a token, we can analyze the positivity. And so if you want to take some sentiment data, say it's crypto Twitter, say it's Reddit posts, even something like 4chan scraping, public alpha chats, anything like that, we can add this into the actual AI solver and that data is ingested too. So say for example, you don't necessarily want to invest in something, you don't want to keep up with the meme coins, but you want to say still buy the hottest meme coin. All you have to do is enter the prompt, give it some parameters if you want to specify which sources to take, and then the AI agent will actually analyze this. And so right here we've got an example of the recent Broccoli token. Now there's three unfortunately on the Binance Smart Chain, but this is basically what we're trying to do is give users the ability to have the data at the time of the trade rather than having it after the fact or losing out on trades. Next slide. And so for us, really what we're all about is increasing the speed for all of the intents that we solve right now. So right now, we can basically do one click for any trade. We're adding the ability to do one click plus any contract, any arbitrary contract data, so you can take that swap and say put it into a lending pool. And so one of the cool things with that is, say for example, your Barra chain, right, and there's a lot of lending protocols out there. They don't necessarily have the liquidity for Barra yet, and so they want to onboard from other ecosystems. What they can do is take direct sold deposits from Solana directly into their Barra vaults, and we'll handle all the swapping and the bridging directly into that vault for the user so that they don't even have to think about it. So our next steps really are to improve the speed for that. What we can do is basically achieve as close to the finality time of the destination chain as possible. And so that's what we're aiming for over the next couple months. And then we're expanding to new networks. So coming to Hyperliquid, we're going to incorporate units. There are perps so that you can trade pretty much any major asset as well as the long tail that we support, as well as the move ecosystem. So this is something that's new. You're going to be able to trade back and forth between say Movement Lab, SWE, Aptos, and all of the blockchains that we mentioned within a couple seconds. And then finally, we've got some of the newer chains as well that are coming in testnet. So MegaEth, Monad, and some of the cooler ones like Botanix that's doing like BTC DeFi. And finally, what we're going to do is instead of having this as an AI agent on our own, we're building this as plugins for all of the major frameworks. So if you're on Eliza, if you're on virtual, if you're on any of the frameworks out there, you're going to be able to have your AI agent tap into Shogun and have access to every single primitive on chain, full functionality from day one. Next slide. And so if I can leave you with one thing, just remember this. Once we have the speed, once we have the ability to do this with any framework, Shogun will be the easiest way to get on chain, whether you're an AI agent, a trader, or an individual that wants to just participate in DeFi. You can follow us on Twitter at gun.fun, or check out our website. We encourage you to check out our web app, one-click trading from any token on any chain. Thank you all. Have a great day.