 Hello everyone, welcome to today's panel solving crypto's UX problem. I'm here with Kane Warwick, founder of Infinex. Thanks for joining us. Look, we'll crack right into it. It's a short panel today. So look, despite the years of innovation in crypto, there seems to be a real confusion in terms of problems that are around it. So can you just give us a little bit of an explanation as to what are the main pain points for UX in crypto at the moment? Yeah, so I think the issue is that in the early days, especially building DeFi, we were optimizing for things that didn't necessarily end with good UX. So we were trying to separate a bunch of different aspects of the stack, including signing, wallets, dApps, you know, the blockchain, and they all needed to be interoperable in a way that sort of meant no one could really fix anything, right? And we ended up with this very, you know, kind of Spider-Man meme of everyone pointing at each other, right? And what I realized when we started building Infinex is that there was an opportunity to build a full stack application, which is what we have with centralized exchanges, right? They're full stack applications that just sort of connect to crypto. And we had the ability to build a full stack application that could give everyone access to all of these amazing on-chain protocols and primitives that have been built over the last four or five years, but without needing to make those compromises of interoperability, of, you know, separation of concerns. And so the end result is something that looks more like a rich web application that runs on crypto than a dApp or a wallet. So can you tell us a little bit more about what Infinex is doing right now to create more user-friendly experiences for crypto people? A robot just literally walked into the audience. So that's... He's going to heckle you. I've been waiting for this my whole life. Oh no, he's going. All right. See you, buddy. He's walking out. Yeah, not interesting enough. The future is wild. So what Infinex is doing is trying to make all of the cool on-chain stuff that exists, whether it's, you know, new blockchains like Baruchain or Unichain, new swapping infrastructure like Intense-based systems, new yield opportunities like Athena and StakedUSDE, make those accessible to people who are not necessarily confident in being on-chain, not necessarily confident in securing their seed phrase, in how to bridge. So taking away all of the complexity of those aspects to just give them the utility. And again, when we look at centralized exchanges, they do this for you, right? Binance is the best cross-chain tech that we have right now. You don't have to worry about bridges. You don't have to worry about gas. You don't have to worry about any of these things. But the challenge with Binance is they can only give you a very narrow slice of functionality, right? They can make markets for you. They can let you get access to the tokens. They can give you price exposure. But they can't let you directly access Pendle Yield or directly access, you know, Aave and things like that. Can you tell us a little bit more about what you guys are doing with their airdrop space as well, making that more accessible for users? Yeah. So, you know, obviously crypto is an attention game. That's one of the primary things as a crypto founder you need to be able to do is maximize attention. And people love airdrops. People love airdrops because it either rewards them for doing some behavior, so rewards them for learning about some new thing, or it rewards them for being in a community, or it tries to buy their attention, right? And so we've been rolling out a new airdrop platform that allows for projects like Pudgy Penguins, who were airdropping Pengu, to do cross-chain airdrops and some other things that are otherwise difficult. Because what's really interesting with the new airdrop meta is it tends to be cross-chain. So, you're a NFT holder of a Solana NFT and some new base meme coin wants to airdrop to you. What if you don't have a base wallet, right? And so there's this kind of friction of even getting the airdrop, right? Give us your base wallet or give us your Ethereum main wallet address or provision one. And because Infinex has a single account with 10 different chains underneath it, we just say, tell us what you want to reward, tell us what you're going to do, and tell us which chain you want to land it on, and we can do that. And so for the user, they end up just clicking a button. And it feels like Binance, right? But, you know, while Binance does do launch pads and stuff like that, they don't have the ability to, again, tap into the, like, you know, fire hose of airdrops that exist on-chain. And I think that as an on-chain platform, we do. And so there's a ton of airdrops that are happening all the time for different reasons, for different people. And we're able to just really make that experience of collecting an airdrop kind of feel magical, where it's like one button, no wallet, no gas, no anything, and you get the airdrop. And then you can hold it or you can sell it. And the process of selling it is also, you know, a couple of clicks. Yes, I think even people that work in crypto day in, day out find airdrops complicated. And to be honest, most of the time can't be bothered interacting with it. If it's anything other than, like, extremely easy, and it's free money, ironically. Sure. But anything other than being extremely easy, most people are just like, I can't be bothered. Exactly. So what other aspects do you hope for in the future to kind of make more accessible to users in crypto? So I think the interesting thing about the current ecosystem is you have a very clear demarcation between people who are on-chain, on-chain degens in the trenches doing things, whatever chain they're on, and then people who are in crypto but only live on centralized exchanges. There's a big gap there. And this gap has existed for, you know, a decade and a half. And we've been in this environment where to be on-chain or to be in the trenches or be a degen requires a lot of pain and suffering and crawling over broken glass and education and, you know, all of this stuff. And it's just easier to be in a centralized exchange. So, you know, the default is that you live on Binance or you live on Coinbase. That's where you keep your assets. That's, you know, where you do most of your things, most of your trading, where you buy assets. And that's been the status quo for a long time now. But it's really an unsatisfying situation to be in, right? Like, we built this amazing new technology to enable peer-to-peer, decentralized, middleman-less infrastructure, and we're all living in someone's database. And so we do need to transition at some point. And it's taken a while, but I think this cycle we will get there. There's a lot of different people trying to solve this problem. We need to transition out of the era of centralized exchanges into an era of on-chain exchanges, on-chain platforms that are easy to use, have the same functionality. And so the nice thing as a founder building this kind of project is it's not a speculative endeavor of, like, what will someone want to do? We know what they do on Binance. You can look at exactly what they're doing and you just say, okay, we've got to go and replicate this feature, this functionality, this thing, fiat off-ramps, fiat on-ramps, you know, perps, markets. And once you replicate all of that, then you have a chance of bringing those users on-chain. Do you still see a place for centralized exchanges in the next decade, though, if we are going to make this shift? I think what will happen, and we're already seeing this happen, is the centralized exchanges have realized that, you know, the asteroid's coming for them, right? And if they don't adapt, then they are going to be left behind. And so, you know, these are very large businesses. Some of them are, you know, 10, 12 years old. You know, they've got tens of millions or hundreds of millions of revenue or billions of revenue. It's hard for them to, you know, quickly move, right? Especially someone like Coinbase, someone like Binance. But we're seeing different strategies emerge. So, Coinbase has said, well, we'll do our own L2. Binance has their own chain, right? They were very early to this. Some people are going towards more of like a DeFi application hybrid mode where they've got a mobile app that does a bunch of DeFi stuff. They do DeFi aggregation, and, you know, OKEx is kind of going down that path. So, I think we're seeing a lot of different strategies emerge. But the reality is that if you're not moving towards a hybrid on-chain, off-chain model as a centralized exchange, it's going to be a bad decade for you. So, let's talk about the people behind the technology. So, what can crypto UX designers learn from, I guess, web to fintech apps? What's been really interesting is a lot of the people that work in Infinex are not crypto-native people. They come from, you know, web to land, fintech land, especially the designers, right? I think like 80% of our designers are not crypto-native people. So, OK, usually my experience of building in DeFi is it takes like three years to explain all of the dumb stuff that we're doing, right? And why you can't do this. And I know that sounds like a great idea, and it would normally be a great idea, but you can't do that for reasons, right? And so, there's a whole process of like unwinding all of the things that they've learned how to do and teach them to do things in a dumb way, right? And you don't have to do that if you're building a full-stack application. And so, it's been much easier for us onboarding people into Infinex because you just kind of let them design the thing, and you're like, yes, that's right. You don't need to correct them and get them to go and do something weird. And so, I think that in and of itself is kind of symptomatic of the fact that it's the right path, right? It's a different set of trade-offs. It's a platform that is not censorship-resistant in the way that, you know, a dApp is supposed to be, but it's still non-custodial. But all of the good UX that you would expect from a Web2 application can be applied. And what that means is that people don't need to learn new behaviors. The users don't need to change their behavior. They don't need to find out some new thing or educate themselves. They can literally turn up, they click a button, it does what they expect it to do. They click another button, it does what they expect it to do. Amazing. And I guess, just wrapping up, what can we expect from Infinex now over the next 6 to 12 months? So, the first year of Infinex was quite funny because we were very focused on security, the security architecture, building out the platform. And there was this meme of Infinex doesn't do anything, which was true. It didn't have any features, right? There was no functionality. It was just a platform you could deposit assets into and let them sit there. But that was kind of an intentional process because we wanted to get to the point where we could accommodate a lot of TVL. And, you know, at one point we had about $150 million of external TVL stablecoins and stuff. Now we have about $500 million, including our own token. And we needed to get to a point where we were really confident that we could accommodate billions of dollars of TVL. So, we've done that now and we've then started rolling out features like Swidge, which allows you to do cross-chain swapping and bridging, gasless swapping and bridging. We've integrated, I think, 10 different chains now, a bunch of integrators, people like OneInch, Bebop, Li-Fi. And we've just been able to really accelerate off this stable platform and stable foundation that we built. And, you know, we're obviously racing very fast at feature parity with centralized exchanges. Amazing. Well, you know, obviously this is a short panel. So, thanks very much, Kane Warwick from Infinex. Thank you. And enjoy the rest of your consensus, guys. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers.