 Thanks for joining us everyone. My name is Sean. I'm from Topos Technology, specialized in providing token payment solutions for different payment scenarios. Today I'm very excited to have a group of knowledgeable leaders who have been working with various business to navigate token payment solutions for years. Before I dive into their insights and the experience, I want to invite them for a brief self-insertion. You want to start first, Wei? Yeah, sure. Hey everybody, my name is Wei Zhou. I'm currently the CEO for CoinsPH. Coins were the largest licensed exchange and wallet in the Philippines with about 18 plus million registered users. We process about 30 to 40 million dollars of trading a day and then a bulk of that recently has been in stable coins. So in addition, being a cryptocurrency exchange, we're also the second largest EMI in the Philippines. So we process a lot of traditional payment as well. So I'm very happy to be on this panel to discuss the use of stable coins. Hi everyone, this is Joy. I'm from ATEXA, which is a Singapore-based cross-border company. We are doing the cross-border and our stable coins trading in Southeast Asia and also in Africa. So we majorly focus on the emerging countries, trading and we're helping them to do all the payment infrastructures. It's very honored to be here to share with everyone. Good afternoon everyone, my name is Jason. I'm the head of commercial at StraitsX. StraitsX. We are a 10-year-old fintech that has started our journey in payments and now we have also the issuer of the world's fourth largest non-US dollar stable coin called the XSGD and also one of the first companies in the world to receive a license by a central bank to issue stable coins. So I'm very happy to be here and looking forward to this conversation. Okay, so speaking of stable coins, Singapore government released a stable coins framework in late 2023 while the US senators recently proposed a Genius Act which is specially framework to regulate stable coins payments. So I think the regulators are now building the frameworks to regulate the stable coins but I want to understand from our business leaders, leaders, in your perspective will stable coins become the mainstream payment method or some other stable coins or some other tokens will take the lead? Yeah, so I guess yes because we are doing this yeah and we are helping to build everything yeah. I think it's very nice combination of three of us because we have issuer, we have exchange and I'm kind of infrastructure building yeah. So we ATX so we are trying to focus on emerging countries like Africa and Southeast Asia because lots of financial infrastructure there is not that mature so we are trying to helping them to use the stable coins and the stable coins we are helping them to include in the liquidity and the fund flows for helping them to do all the distributions and the fund receiving pay in pay in payout on RAM, off RAM, off RAM, I think it's quite meaningful because we are helping lots of people to receive their currencies since it's very volatile yeah. How stable coins will help I say for coins PH since the exchange? Yeah so just a little bit quick side note I think so in addition to running an exchange we also got approval last year from the central bank in the Philippines to issue a peso backed stable coin called the PHPC so we are still in a sandbox environment I think we are waiting for the approval to get out of the sandbox. I think for us what we are seeing sort of like what we see sort of the last 10 years is the growth of like you know in the Philippines at least what we call digital money right which is basically we see a lot of EMIs coming in basically building basically payments helping to connect basically merchants connecting banks and then connecting individuals right. But the problem with that layer is that it's still sort of insulated within the Philippines per se right. Like you can't it doesn't really talk to merchants and talk to individuals and talk to people outside the Philippines and I think stable coins the bridge that's going to make that happen. But I think like just big picture wise I think it's stable coins is going to be what I call it the financial settlement layer for the internet in the future. Right. So I think all payments will be used be done through stable coins just because it's faster it's efficient and it's other than transaction fees on chain you don't really have to pay any other fees. Like for example right now if I'm transferring people money in the Philippines through used to pay you know I pay almost have to pay up to is that like 10 pesos or you know that's that's a lot that's like 20 cents. It's a lot of money right. Right. So if we can basically get that to be lowered and then make it instant you know why not. So I just see sort of the even for domestic payment which we've seen solutions coming in right we've seen domestic payment champions across different countries and regions. I think even that infrastructure is going to get replaced by stable coins. Yeah maybe to just add on to what you know Wei mentioned the the genius act is a overarching theme that the US has started the ball rolling. But if you look at this part of Asia and Hong Kong where we are right now and also in Singapore there's always been a very forward-looking mindset that has been going towards the world of stable coins because the whole idea of stable coins is it needs to be stable. If it's unstable it shouldn't be called stable coins right. So in a very large way I think the regulatory element that comes in is just as important as the banking infrastructure that comes in to support the whole ecosystem. So you have the stable coin issuers you have the banking support infrastructure and you also have the government level of initiative to push this tree to create the holy trinity to ensure that stable coins have a forward-looking future in the world of payments. So I think in that sense it is a very important concept as we also see in Hong Kong the three sandbox applicants all of them have their own unique use cases. But at the same time will there be a corresponding support that comes in from the banking sector. We will see about that. I know Standard Chartered is in the fray with Animoca and also with HKT. But very interestingly we see parallels between Singapore and Hong Kong. There's going to be a lot more of that. Hey, you know, what are these guys doing? Can we do the same? And I think the governments play a very important and critical role to ensuring that this kicks off to a very good start. Yeah. Thanks. Okay, thanks for sharing. So stable coins is used as a basic infrastructure and we use in helping even the domestic transmittance and also there will be more structure we need to build for stable coins. But even though we see speak high about stable coins, but stable coins so far has not been widely used for everywhere for all the payments. Right. So and I see as mentioned, there's few areas that have been now using stable coins very often. So it turned out to me some markets or some regions have a higher demand for stable coins solution compared to the other industries. So I want to learn from you in your view. Right. So what is the industry or regions or BNs models will demand higher solutions from payment tokens, stable coins solutions than the other in 2025, even the year after? That's a forecast. Yeah, that's a forecast. All you see in your business, right, when you go in, do you see the high demand from certain business model come to your company? Yeah, you see, yeah, there's something probably will be more prospective in the next year or the year after or something probably we can think of, we can do more to provide more suitable solutions for the business model. Is there any type or a certain or maybe it's not a certain type of business, right? Certain areas, certain regions, certain place in the world, they demand higher solutions for stable coins than the others. Yeah, maybe I'll just set a certain reference for everyone to start the ball rolling, right? So I think everyone here has a Visa and MasterCard, I guess. Anyone here doesn't have a Visa or MasterCard? Okay, no. Okay, what? No? Okay. Everyone has, right? So if I were to look at the total transaction volume that has been processed on Visa and Master in 2024, that number comes to around $22.4 trillion. So let me ask you a question, right? To give you a reference point, how much transaction value on stable coin payments transfers has happened in 2024? Would you say, A, the amount is half of where Visa and Master's $22.4 trillion is? Or would you say it's more? How many of you think it's half? At least half? Half or less than half? Everyone else thinks it's more, really? Okay, okay. Three, four. So everyone else thinks it's more. Okay, so that's the golden answer. So interestingly, even for myself, the amount of stable coin transfers that happened in 2024 was 7.69% more than the total amount that Visa and MasterCard has possessed. That number stands at $24.6 trillion. So to that point, you see that today's market, the amount of stable coin transfers has already reached that level that you can refer to with MasterCard and Visa. So that's on the macro level. Let's come down to Singapore, where we stand, right? We issued the XSGD stable coin, the Singapore dollar stable coin in 2019. Today is the fourth largest non-US dollar stable coin in the world, right? But just in 2023, the entire year of 2023, the entire amount of XSGD that was issued and spent on merchant services was barely less than $250 million. The whole year below $250 million. In the first quarter of 2024, that amount was $500 million. In the second quarter of 2024, that was $1 billion. So you're looking at a 6X in six months just on the $0 stable coin used in Singapore alone. So if you expand on that and you go beyond our borders, then you can imagine what kind of uptake that would be for the likes of the USDC's of the world, the USDT's of the world, or even the Southeast Asian stable coins that Wei was talking about in terms of the Philippines. So there's going to be a lot more of the use cases, not just for domestic, but also for cross border. So I just want to share that as a backdrop. Yeah, yeah. It's a huge number, yeah. So also share some very interesting stories. When we go to a small village in Nigeria, we want to buy a boat of water, the clean water. Yeah. And we want to try to pay. They give us a QR code and it's a wallet QR code. So you can see in the emerging countries like Africa, there's a huge interface. Like the young generations, maybe they don't have a bank account, but they will have a wallet account. And they either use cash or the tokens. Yeah. So it's very frequent user image there. And that large of people, maybe they don't have the financial infrastructure, but they do already get inside the Web3 industry. Yeah. Nice. Anything you want to add? Matt, what you... Yeah. I mean, I'll speak just generically about sort of what I say, US dollar stablecoin first. And then I'll speak a little bit about sort of regional stablecoins. I think for the US dollar stablecoin, where you're seeing the most adoption are people that are dollar starved. It's basically, if you don't have access to US dollars, then that's where we've historically seen a tremendous amount of growth in US dollar stablecoins, especially for the country up north. I think for basically anybody that does not have... What we have right now is with Tether, with Circle, you basically now have... Everybody has access to what I call a US dollar checkings account through USDT. Right? And I think you don't... You just have a phone, you have a wallet, you can pretty much get USDT or USDC. But I think the evolution of that is that, you know, in addition to a checkings account, you kind of want to have a US dollar savings account as well. So I actually think the next evolution, the biggest growth in the stablecoin industry is basically, can I get yield on the stablecoin that I have in my wallet naturally without putting it at risk, without having to lend it out? Right? Are there going to be yield bearing platforms? And I think that's sort of... That's what I'm seeing sort of like just on the US dollar front. That's where the building... That's where sort of the infrastructure is being built. You know, in terms of issuance, spread, I think there's already enough network effect that that's going to grow in itself. But the other areas of growth, I think in terms of, you know, what Jason's mentioned is sort of like what I call the regional stablecoins. Right? Like for example, if you look at Asia, like in our region, we have like six different major currencies, right? You have Hong Kong dollar, SING dollar, Japanese yen, Korean won, Philippine pesos, Thai baht, Indonesian rupiah, you know, Aussie dollar. All of these are traded against US dollars, right? There's no... There's like, if I want to trade pesos for Hong Kong dollars or for SGD, I have to go through US dollars. Right? If I want to trade pesos to yen, I have to trade through US dollars. Right? But with the rise of sort of these individual stablecoins, there's going to come to a point in the day where I don't really have to go through dollars to trade pesos against SING dollars or to trade pesos against HKD. Right? If there's an HKD and I have a PHPC and we put that in a liquidity pool on chain, that's just basically FX. Right? That's basically the evolution of the current FX trading. Right? It's transparent. People can provide liquidity to it. As long as the spread there is better than the spread and the traditional FX of going SGD to US dollar to PHPC, that's a use case. So I think, you know, and then how big is the FX trade globally? Right? Massive. How big is just sort of single currency? Right? For example, for pesos to dollars, that trades about a billion dollars a day in the traditional FX market. Right? Right now, we do 10, $20 million of pesos to US dollar stablecoins. It's like 1%, 2% of just on the peso side. How much does trade happens between Singapore or between Hong Kong with Philippines? Right? How much that is currently settled with traditional, none of it is probably settled with stablecoins. Right? I think trade commerce, but the thing is, is you need to have this infrastructure that are being built and you need to have liquidity and you need to have better spread. Right? Once the spread sort of that takes place is better than sort of what's there. I think that's when the money starts flowing. So I'm like big picture wise, I think all of that's going to take place. It's just a matter of time. And then for us to sort of build that. Yeah. Okay. So stablecoins basically will be currently is a US dollar alternative. Right? US dollar alternative, stay down the USDC, USDT. It's also helping on the emerging countries. On the other end, probably will be like a future FX market. Instead of doing fiat currency in FX market, we'll have a stablecoin FX market. Right? Okay. So Topos, we provide various solutions for payments. So one of those actually remittance. So when we talk to our partners doing remittance in various countries, we do see there's a need for that. When they transmit money from say country A to country B, it may start with US dollars. Right? So USDT and USDC. But when we come to destination countries, their local currency is not US dollar. So in current process, it's a way like we mentioned, right? So you need to convert the USDT, USDC to the local currencies is true traditional FX. In a way actually, it's not very efficiently, especially using blockchain technologies. Right? So there are demands about what we're discussing with our partner. So they hope there is a local currency back the stablecoins. Let's say Philippine pesos, like PHPC that the coins PH want to launch. Right? So if we do have this kind of PHPC on the blockchain, so we don't need to touch the traditional FX market. We can just swap the USDC, USDT into PHPC. And then the PHPC that you won't won back by the Philippine pesos. So we easily can go through any local Philippine service provider. They can happily convert this PHPC into pesos and then send to the destination accounts or wallets or whatever is required. So this is we see is required in the future. But at this kind of time, I think probably it takes some time to issue stablecoins for different local currencies in this region. But I do believe when this happens, this also very, very strong supplement to the limiting solutions. While we have stablecoins everywhere in the Southeast countries, will help to complete the limiting small efficiency online. So on the other side, while we're talking with our partners to provide solutions, a part of these emerging markets and US dollar and also the limitants. There's one more use case we'll bring to us. Okay, imagine when we do block trading, right? So block trading usually is big ticket purchase between buyers and sellers. So in traditional way, the buyers, in order to buy the things from the seller, they need to go to the bank, they need to place a big amount of money according to the contract, right? And the bank will give the bank guarantee. So the seller will see, okay, you give me the bank guarantee. So now I am sure you can pay me after I'm shipping the equipment to you. Then they ship the equipment, then later they will go to the bank to get the money. The money will be sent to the sellers through SWIFT. So the whole process will take some time and it's also costly. For the bank to issue a bank guarantee, it is not free, man. You will need to pay a long sum money to the bank to issue the bank guarantee. The whole process takes time, the whole process is costly. So we are doing a POC with one of our partners who is specializing in trading. So they have a system to work with their customer. So their system will track the whole contract, track the whole shipping process, and then to tell the buyer and seller about the progress of when it was shipped from here and there, and when they can collect the equipment. So we work together in a way we customize our merchant acquiring solution for them to replace the bank guarantee with a smart contract. So the buyers no longer need to go to the banks to buy the bank guarantees. Instead, they can just turn their payments into stable coins and we will lock down with a smart contract, where no one else can take the money from a smart contract. Then we will inform the seller, in fact we will inform the system, okay the money is in place. So the seller can start to do shipments. So the whole system, their system will track the shipments and then when the shipment was done, so they will give the order to a smart contract. Then the smart contract will release the payment to the seller. The whole thing will be all automated with the trading tracking system as well as our payment solution with a smart contract. And then the cost is very low. Even for the seller, when they get the stable coins, they can easily use the stable coins for other deals or they can just convert the stable coins into a fiat currency, whatever they want to use, right? They get away from the swift processing and there's a low cost for them as well. Okay, so this is the other use case actually we learned through the partnership with our friends. Okay, so we can see there's more ways, there's more businesses asking for stable coins along the way. Probably it takes some time because even the regulators need to implement the regulation frameworks, right? And also for all the countries in South Asia, even in other regions to just pick it up, to build their own process, to build their own framework, it will take some time. For the markets, for the banks or even the traditional FIs to take up this framework, it also takes some time. But we do see, right, beyond the remittance we've been talking all along, there are all many other businesses asking for stable coins that will help them to facilitate their current processing to make them more swift, more cost efficient. Yeah, thanks for sharing with us. I hope all the audience get something interesting and the sharing is more inspiring. If you want to get more insights about stable coins, see how the payments will help our business, you can follow us. We are coming from Topaz, we're also part of the Platon ecosystem. You can learn about more stable coins, how we use stable coins in the whole payment process from our booths as well. Okay. Yeah, Siang, maybe if I can just add on something to what you said, right? So a big thank you to also Platon for sponsoring this panel. I wanted to say that our partnership with Platon and All In Pay is also a very important part of that ecosystem where you can bring foreign exchange across borders, but the last mile delivery where off-ramping happens, where the last beneficiary receives it in fiat and can buy food, drinks, water, utility, whatever they want, is critical to the entire user experience. So I think if you unwind the clock five years ago, the entire stable coin infrastructure was still very, very clunky. Getting USDC doesn't mean anything to you if you are in some far-flung remote part of Indonesia where you have no access to being able to spend it, right? And I think with All In Pay, the technology to provide that last mile ensuring that customers can access their funds, you know, in terms of a currency that they're familiar with, where Straits X being a payments company has that infrastructure in the Singapore ecosystem and beyond, there's a union collaboration between the two, right? And I just want to quickly say that for us, one of the examples we did was our partnership with Alipay Plus and also with Grab, which is, I'm sure you all know Grab, right? So where 550,000 tourists from China come to Singapore every single month. They bring their Alipay wallet and they want to go buy chicken rice or chili crab, right? And they want to pay using the Alipay wallet, right? But the tricky thing is that they're used to scanning QR codes and I don't know why, but our Chinese friends love to scan QR codes. It's like a natural habit. So when they come to Singapore, they scan, scan, scan, scan, scan. And today, right now, since November 2024, Alipay users can scan any Grab merchant QR code or any PayNow QR code, which is local QR code, and pay using the Alipay app. What's unique about this arrangement is that every single dollar that is transacted is cleared and settled using the XSGD stablecoin, which means transactions are done on-chain. And that is a very important breakthrough because not only does it allow the Alipay spender to pay in renminbi, it also allows the merchant to receive in SYNC dollars. And both parties don't need to know anything or have a PhD in blockchain or stablecoins. So user experience is important to ensure that the end-to-end is seamless as though it is Web 2. So I think that's one example where we have been building this with a lot of our Web 2 partners and also with the likes of future leaders with Alipay and Platon. So thank you for having us. Thanks for adding this as well. So I hear something is also very interesting in a sense. The stablecoins itself is not only infrastructure to be built for Web 3 payments, but also will help the Web 2 settlement occurring. It makes the in-between entity settlements more easy and smooth. Especially if the entities come from different regions. So these stablecoins will help the traditional infrastructure. Yeah. So we do feel like stablecoins will bring more innovations, right? Into not only the Web 3 blockchain payments, but as well as traditional payment infrastructure. I'll just expand on that. I mean, that's really cool what you guys have built. Now imagine that if you're a Singapore merchant, you can actually, with that QR code, theoretically, you can start selling things into China now. Right? You can actually, if you're a Singapore merchant, all you have to do is just put up a QR code on your platform. Right? Then anybody from China can basically purchase items from your country now. And that's sort of like, that's what I was thinking like for us, for PHPC. It's like once we have PHPC enabled on our platform, then pretty much, you know, to sell into the Philippines, you don't really need to set up a business in the Philippines. Yeah. Or if you just set up a business to pay for taxes, but you actually don't need to open a bank account to actually sell things into that country now. That's really borderless. Right? I mean, that's what it boils down to, right? If you're like, you know, like you're an e-commerce or online retailer or whatever, you know, one of the biggest pain points is actually how do I collect payments? Right? But if I can collect payments in XGD or PHPC, and I have an on-chain, I have an exchange in my country that I can exchange that back, then I don't really need to open a bank account in that country that I'm doing commerce in. So I think that's the next evolution. That's very cool. Yeah. Yeah. We're also looking into PHPC and we hope there's more collaboration with PHPC as well. Yep. Yeah. So currently we have using a USDT and USDC as well, XSGD, you know, merchant acquiring system. We do look forward to have a PHPC as a part of merchant acquiring solutions. Yeah. Because it's important to have the settlement done in the local currency. So that way the merchants themselves can actually file their taxes properly. Right? Because that's important because they do, like one of the things why, you know, like in the Philippines or in Thailand per se, they don't like payments being done in USDT is they think that's a way for merchants to escape paying taxes. To avoid the taxes. Yeah. But you want to be a part of the system. Right? So that's why having the native currency settlement is interesting. Right? Because from a bot, from a seller, you just want to collect dollar stable coins. Right? And then you can provide that exchange. Yeah. So you see, the more we drill down into this, the more we realize and we find out that stable coins does help us in a lot of business in the day to day, in the cross border, in many business cases. Right? So Platon has been studying this more than five years ago and also Topos had to build the whole solution for various payment scenarios a few years back. Right? But then we think this is the future. Right? We will build that now and we feel like sometime in the future, this everything will become a norm to everyone. And happily, I think with the new government in the US, they are pushing the stable coins to be more regulated manner and will be adopted by more and more business and governments. Right? So I will say the future is now. There is now. Poor site. So people are working with you. There is201222767 2023iler Fat. Withما, we have located on the сто INTZI when we check out our new products and building, we have its own status and把 their Nous Construction Mark this year.