 How are we? Good to see you all. I'll tell you a little bit about how crypto and AI can have a baby to give us much better healthcare. I'm thinking of a future where you can have all your data leveraged for instant diagnostics for health. But before that, a little bit of exercise because it's after lunch. Who here is interested in longevity? Okay. Who thinks I'm going to talk about a new token that's going to moon it by the end of the day? Okay. And I'm assuming the rest of you are here because you think I might tell you about a supplement that's going to change your life. I'll tell you a little bit about that in a second. But since we're here to talk about health, I wanted to give you a little bit of a different perspective. Clearly health applies to anybody that has a body. So normally when we talk about health, people think of physical health, maybe a medical record, something boring. Well, the World Health Organization defines health as physical, mental, social, and emotional. And if you can see it, we've actually put together an even better taxonomy of health. Because this is a blockchain crowd, we talk about health as your hardware and your software. So your hardware are things that we can measure in the physical domain. How you nourish your body. How you rest. How you move. Your software are things that are harder to measure but are just as important. They are how we connect with our family and our friends and our community. They are how we connect with ourselves, our mindfulness practice. They are things like our connection with our future self, our values and our purpose. And why am I telling you all this? Because health is not something that lives only in the medical system. Your health data is in your wearable. Your health data is sometimes with your family. Your health data is with your gym, with your coach, with your shrink maybe. And having a full picture of your health is the main obstacle of why we haven't had adoption of AI and blockchain in healthcare. And just to keep you engaged a little bit more, would anybody who is brave here hazard a guess which of those six pillars, nourish, grow, reflect, connect, rest and move is the key determinant of how healthy you are going to be at 80? Is anybody feeling brave? We've got rest and connect. The answer is connect. Harvard has been running a study for over 50 years of human health and longevity. It's the strength of our connections at 50 that determines our health at 80. Remember that because that's going to be a big topic for medicine and medical science going forward. So armed with that knowledge, let me take you back to 1985, which is roughly where healthcare exists today. We've all heard that healthcare is siloed. It's reactive. Your doctor really only cares about complaints and ailments. Well, the problem is deeper. So the fax was invented in 1962, 64, I think. Today, 2025, the fax is the most common method of exchanging data in healthcare. Does that sound believable to you, blockchain crowd? That's the story today. It's pretty incredible. We have PDFs and we have faxes. So that's why healthcare is reactive. On top of that, healthcare data dwarfs financial data by an enormous margin. Healthcare data is growing 48% a year. That's faster than media, faster in finance. And finance obviously has very high blockchain adoption by health standards. So in your life, you're going to meet on average 18 doctors. And for every hospital you go to in the Western world, you're going to have at least 16 different systems. Think of this, if you want to check the balance in your wallet, there's 16 apps you need to consult to get there. So that's why I'm saying we're still in 1985. If I had to describe the story here in one sentence, health is kind of like a common chat group where everybody has their phone on airplane mode and is sending postal pigeons to each other to interact. Great problem set up for crypto. So where are we with blockchain in health? Absolutely nowhere. Health is a 21 trillion industry. In the US, it's the biggest single share of GDP at close to 20%. I dug long and hard and I found approximately 2.2 billion of blockchain projects in healthcare in 2024. So that's less than 0.01%. Why? Well, I talked about the data problem already. There's absolutely no common standards in healthcare that apply to crypto. So we have things like HIPAA for consumer protection. We have HL7 for data interchange. We don't have that in crypto, which is a great excuse for healthcare not to touch it. We're an AI company. Why haven't we adopted ledger technology to secure your data and allow you to easily share it with doctors and get instant diagnosis through AI agents? Well, three reasons. Number one, if I had to compare blockchain technology today with our Postgres database, which is what we use at Calibra, speed is incomparable. Distributed ledger technology is still slow. Blockchain is still clunky. That's changing quickly, but we're still not there. Secondly, when I speak to my peers about why we are not sort of holding hands and jumping together like we did in finance, it's mostly because there's very few pilots and they're very sort of far between and nobody's really talking about this because the perception of blockchain in healthcare is somewhat different to that in finance. So if I'm depressed enough, let me offer some hope. What's changing? Well, what's changing is that healthcare is consuming, becoming a consumer product. We all know that healthcare has to be personalized. I'm sure most of you have wondered, what can I do to improve my own health span and lifespan? Maybe some of you are taking supplements. Maybe some of you have bought a wearable. That is something that everybody is talking about in health and that is not going to change. The second thing is that because of wearables and novel diagnostics like full body MRIs and all sorts of other ways of acquiring a lot of data, there's a data avalanche. If any of you, one of you owns an Oura Ring or a Garmin or something else, you've got a lot of sleep data that you don't know what to do with. And that's only going to get a lot worse. There's about to be a data explosion. Again, speaks to blockchain, but we're not quite there. And the last thing is because our attention windows are getting shorter, we want everything instantly, just like in crypto. Right? So nobody wants to wait two weeks for their blood tests to come back and for their doctor to interpret in a week's time. We want everything right now today. The solution to those three problems are AI agents. But, referring back to my previous slide, AI agents need structured data to work. And we are back to the early problem of the phones that are put in airplane mode and sending postal pigeons to each other or, to use a Netflix allegory, we're trying to stream Netflix movies over the postal network. So those three trends is what we see as the catalysts for change in healthcare, which will affect every single one of us, especially those of us who live in the Western world. I want to talk about three specific use cases that we at Calibra are working on, that will hopefully give you a little bit of an indication of the future that hasn't quite arrived, but is more or less here in certain cases. So number one is the use of self-sovereign entity. Is there anybody here who thinks they own their health data? Right? I live and work in Singapore, one of the most advanced economies in the world, certainly the most digitized economy I'm aware of. In Singapore, we already have a form of self-sovereign identity, it's called SingPass. It scans your face on your phone, it produces a code and you can log into any government website. If I want to move doctors in Singapore, even though it has a singular health record system, I can't. I have to pay them to give me my records and by snail mail or myself, I have to take them to a new doctor. We don't own our health data. That has to change because every day you walk around producing health insights that are not harnessed for your benefit. Your wearable data, your gait, your smile, your skin tone, how you're breathing, all of that is critical if we're going to be doing real-time health analysis on you. That goes absolutely nowhere or in a wearable. So a self-sovereign entity must be capable of handling 1 million gigabytes of data. That's 300 million books. Because unlike finance where there's a few data types, in health there's many, many, and we produce something through our cellular processes every second. So a self-sovereign entity and the wallet needs to be able to handle a lot of data secure in the right hash. It needs to be instantly shareable so that the agents can have access to it. And it needs to be tamper-proof so that it doesn't impact our insurance, doesn't impact our life, or if you're really living in the future, doesn't allow somebody to build a biological weapon based on your DNA. So this self-sovereign entity already is beginning to crest a little bit as a wave. You've all heard of Sweatcoin. That is one version of health data being organized. But there are two more that I'd like to call out, which is Burst IQ and Medrec. Those are two initiatives that are encoding medical data in a blockchain that's designed for health, which would be ideally allowable for sharing. So if you're armed with a self-sovereign entity, then you can see a scenario where all the data available about you is made part of the decisions about your health, which would be a dream come true. So your doctor doesn't have to ask you many questions. He has all the data or they have all the data available for them to be able to make recommendations and take decisions. Not where we are today, but kind of where we're going. So that's use case one. Use case two, and this is for those of you that are here for the token, that's the only time we're going to mention a token. What's different about this token is that that token gets more valuable when you get off the couch and start moving. So unlike a monkey JPEG, we are thinking and looking into changing the incentive structures of healthcare. Now, all of us have imagined that our future self is going to get healthier, faster, more disciplined. That future doesn't quite arrive. Why? Because in healthcare, we have an incentive problem. The cost of our bad habits is in the future. So whatever you're going to do at the races tonight, however many drinks you're going to have, they will impact the future. But if you want to fast, if you want to exercise, the cost of that is today. And here was a very bad at temporal thinking. As a result, we always defer doing the right things for our health. And that is why Sweatcoin isn't as popular as it should be. That's one reason. So when I talk about HATS or health action tokens, we're trying to look into behavior change, but in a slightly different way. Today, you can measure your steps, you can measure your respiratory rate, you can measure your blood work, and you kind of know where you are with your health. The problem is that the inputs and the outputs are disconnected. So in China, for instance, they ran a program incentivizing people to have wearables and increase their number of steps. The next day, you could see an explosion of sales of those spinning machines that can turn a tracker so that it can accrue steps so that people can get a discount on their insurance. That's not the way to go. The way to go is to measure the outputs. And for that, we have our second use of blockchain technology. If I can marry some sort of an input, how many steps you're taking, how many glasses of water you're drinking, how many minutes of deep sleep, if I can link that to some objective measure of health, which I'll show you a little bit later, then we can validate in real time and issue a token on the basis of an outcome, not a process. It's much, much harder to game an output than it is to game an input. So the second thing we're working on at Calibra is creating a token that links a marker to an outcome, issuing incentives on the basis of that. That opens up the opportunity not only for reinforced learning, which is completely driven by AI, i.e., for me, maybe steps work. For you, maybe it's deep sleep. For you, maybe it's hydration. For you, maybe it's a supplement. But it allows us to have many alternatives to a health action. And then we can even have a marketplace, since these are tokens, for incentivizing healthy behavior that's linked to outcomes and not inputs. I think that's going to be a very powerful behavior transformation tool once we get our data in order. So HATS is the second use case. The third use case I want to talk about is really, I think, where the future is headed. And that is, how do we connect this future of having AI agents, however we define them. For my purposes, I'm defining an AI agent, which is an independent protocol that can take a little bit of data about you, phenotype you as somebody with a certain number of challenges in one of your health pillars. So maybe you're a poor sleeper. Maybe you have a metabolic issue which might result in cancer down the line. Maybe you are somebody who has a nutritional imbalance or a hormonal imbalance. Right now, your path is go to the doctor, have them look at your blood work, and come up with some sort of a solution. If you ask them, does this work, you'll say, on average, it does. But I don't know how many people I've tried it on, how many people actually did it, and of those that did it, how many actually experienced the benefit? Well, armed with the self-sovereign entity and some sort of a measurement through tokens, we can actually have AI agents tender for our health service. They can say, well, dear Ivan, for somebody who is described by these phenotypes and these markers of health, I can offer some solutions, and by the way, here's the on-chain data of everybody that's tried it, and how it's worked for them. So you have a little bit of a competitive process. By the way, we already have a lot of shortage of doctors. We're not making any more as fast as we should. So this AI agent story is a very, very interesting way of introducing controlled experiments in healthcare that are perfectly transparent and work well on the phenotype of client that we are. Because our bodies work the same way, but we need different things in different proportions and at different times. So number one, auditable recommendations. You are suggesting something, where is the evidence that this works for someone of my phenotype? That's number one. Number two is bias reduction. Because the recommendations that we're issuing are not based on a randomized controlled trial, which is designed for the average person that doesn't exist, we have the ability to control for biases. This particular intervention, does it work? And if it works, does it work for a 46-year-old Bulgarian with my phenotype? That's a bias reduction that currently is not possible in healthcare, but will be possible if blockchain and AI had a baby. And the latest, I think, thing to consider is that none of us have any idea what is around the corner for large language models or AI broadly. The pace of change is frankly disorienting even for somebody like myself who lives and breathes this. So the ability to have something that allows you to hot swap models, hot swap agents, and tender out in a secure way, hey, who can help me get to where I want to be? I want to be able to dance the Zumba or rock and roll even on my great granddaughter's wedding. That means I have to have healthy knees at 85 and be able to lift 30 pounds overhead. That's my problem statement. Which AI in healthcare can help me get there? Well, you can hot swap all the possible models instantly and come up with a number of conclusions. That is not as far as you think. We are prototyping this as we speak. So I think for AI agents to be possible, we need to solve the data issue, we're working on this. And then imagine a future where instead of having to go and sit at an office, you can actually have a conversation or simply click a button and say, hey, suggest the next best action. That future is closer than you think. In conclusion, I just wanted to show you what this future might look like. And this is more or less our data model today. Number one, I've talked about AI. I've talked about blockchain. I think I've hit most of the buzzwords. I'm just going to mention Trump just in case so that we have all the bingo words. The idea is that healthcare will always be a human discipline and it will always require a human in the loop. None of us are ever going to be accountable to a machine. But the data processing, the data collection and the resultant process needs to be governed by a machine because humans simply can't handle it. So if you want a personalized health span journey and you want real time suggestions of what actions to take, that can be governed by an AI agent. And until regulation changes, there needs to be a practitioner in the loop who oversees the program, validates it, and is there as an accountability partner to make sure that you actually go ahead with the interventions that they are offering. So there you have it. We need to travel from 1985 to 2025 very, very quickly in healthcare. The solution to that is first understand that you need to be sovereign with your data. It's no longer acceptable for us to be the domain of the health system when it comes to owning the most important data set about us. Far more valuable than our crypto wallet, I would argue. Far more valuable than our crypto wallet, I would argue, is that you will be the domain of the data. Once we have that sovereignty, we will have the ability to seamlessly and easily and securely share our data, which allows for us to have a real time guidance and action for how to manage and be the CEOs of our own health. I'm sure some of you disagree with me. I would love to talk to you after this. If you want to learn more, the gift I can offer you through this QR code is if you scan it and put your email address down, we're going to send you a personalized longevity guide, which will take you through the six pillars of health, give you some ideas of what you can do today to set yourself up to be healthier when you're 50 and 80. And we're going to give you practical examples and references to science with what you can do in each of the health pillars. And hopefully that's useful. Thank you for your time and good luck with your health journey.