 Hello everyone, good afternoon and welcome to this panel discussion about liquidity for unlocking liquidity for institutions. We have with us brightest minds in the business. We have Jack Young, founder and CEO of LTP. We have Jez Moedin, CEO and co-founder of Laser Digital. And we have Usman Ahmed, co-founder and CEO of Zodiac Markets. Thanks for joining us guys. So let's start with just explaining liquidity. So correct me if I'm wrong, when we talk about market liquidities, we are basically talking about how easy it is to probably execute a large order without affecting prices or ensuring that when we hit the big orders, you know, the slippage is as less as possible. And how important is liquidity is for institutions? Not so much for retail maybe, but institutions might be really focused on that. Thank you. I think from my side, the liquidity can be defined to the like the spread, the depth, and when you trade what the slippage is. For the institutions, for the market right now, I think the structure has changed a lot. I joined in crypto seven years ago. When that time, all the orders will be triggered by the like the rate hails, like 70% or 80% from the rate hails. Then we'll trade like maybe 1,100 or like 7 million at most. Nowadays, when you find some list companies like MicroStrategy, they will buy Bitcoin 1 billion per day or two days. When you're facing so much, so big size of the orders, how you can handle the execution side on the liquidity side. Also, you have lots of different, the other tokens. How you have lots of different tokens. How you have lots of different tokens. How you, how a prime broker like us, like adjust all the positions from the client is so much amount. Nowadays, the AUM in crypto is like around 3 trillion. If you cannot have a good liquidity to maintain the, the trades between the institutions, we cannot improve the size of the market and we cannot involve in more, more assets inside. So for us, for all the institution players, we need to address the liquidity issues. Your thoughts, yes. Yeah, I think for sure liquidity is extremely important for institutions, both for market confidence, price discovery, stability and for risk management. So, if you look at typical institutions, they want to be in markets where there is clarity in terms of slippage costs and also risk management. Because if, finally also scalability, which is a point touched here. Because if you can't scale, which is directly related to liquidity, it's harder to actually be institutional compliant. Yeah. Respond to your thoughts, yeah. Yeah, so I mean, I'd echo everything that the guys have said. I'd frame it slightly differently. Liquidity is the lifeblood of trading. If you don't have the ability to lay away risk, as Jez was describing, you might as well go home. So, someone else mentioned earlier on another stage that, you know, the retail market drove the adoption of digital assets and crypto. Yeah. Which is the inverse to most other financial market products and innovation. And what we're now seeing is essentially for true institutional adoption, the size matters. Yeah. And the ability to have consistent access, stability and ultimately underpinned by liquidity to lay away risk is ultimately critical. And it's the only way that true institutional adoption happens. So, explain to me, like, what is the current landscape of liquidity? What are the, you know, let's say barriers out there, probably credit risk or counterparty risk? You can start from there. Yeah, and so, one of the things to remember is that liquidity on its own doesn't make a difference. So, financial markets have grown up and essentially, if you think about the TradFi markets, they're driven by, number one, liquidity, but how is liquidity created? It's created through capital efficiency or credit. One of the biggest gaps in the digital asset markets right now and historically was the need to pre-fund, the need to move your assets around, the need to ultimately be inefficient with capital. Now, I mean, Jez and I kind of, our businesses both come out of institutions, you know, through banks. That doesn't work. You know, you can't allocate capital or, in bank cases right now, over-allocate capital against an asset class and actually make it efficient and effective. So, one of the big impediments but opportunities, and we're seeing this in the crypto markets at the moment, is the ability to deploy capital. Whether that's, you know, whether that's the traditional capital, i.e., just allocate money, or in new forms to minimize things like settlement risk and counterparty credit risk. I'm referencing things that allow you to settle instantly or near instantly. So, stable coins are a good example. We've seen them grow significantly over the last few years. The market cap is getting significant. The trading volume is significant. Why are they relevant and interesting? It's because you can settle nearly instantly. You can settle within minutes, not days. Now, all of a sudden, the settlement risk, the Hirschdat risk, has been minimized. Actually, it's a very different way of thinking about it, but the institutions are only just getting there. I mean, I've grown up in banking where T plus two settlement was normal. Two days, right? We're talking T plus two minutes now. And actually, the efficiencies gained from that are going to be hugely transformative for not just the digital asset ecosystem, but actually the TradFi ecosystem. So, it's not directly linked, but ultimately, you need to think about what risk factors are being mitigated by the capability that exists. Jez, I want to ask you about, you know, I keep hearing about the tokenization of money market funds, etc. They could be probably used as collateral to unlock credit. Do you see that happening? Yeah, yeah. I mean, for sure, exactly the points we touched upon, tokenization is here to stay. For sure, it brings the similar benefit to what Uzman mentioned about, again, using collateral, capital efficiency. The biggest problem today you have in crypto is if you have a firm trading traditional assets as crypto, you cannot get financing, you cannot get netting. So, I would say what tokenization will do, particularly traditional assets coming into tokenization, it opens an entire new field. Yeah. Particularly also, one of the issues even DeFi faces is lack of collaterals, good collaterals. Yeah. Stable coin is one, but if you have equity, if you have bonds, collateralized, you know, particularly in a tokenized form, you remain in digital format. You don't want to go back to the whole world of T plus 2 settlement. And so, that's the whole idea of tokenization, bringing that benefit and then also scalability and mitigate credit risk as well as enhance capital efficiency. But do you think, you know, money market tokenization is suitable for this or probably longer duration instruments as well, but there is a duration risk involved there? Yeah. I mean, I think money market is a starting point, it's very similar to stable coin. I mean, it's as good as stable coin if you're putting T-bills or if you need to further go out of the treasury curve. But beyond that, you can add other asset link as well, right, linkage, whether it's private credit, that's where properly you're bringing liquidity to the market. But, yeah, the base layer is stable coins, which is very similar to money market product or deposit product. You can bring, of course, trade finance products, you know, very similar how the banks treat. They will discount significantly in the lower haircut products basically, where you can actually, you know, leverage, get decent leverage. So, once you do that, then you get the next few layers of obvious tokenization or other assets. Yeah. Where, you know, obviously both retail and institutions can benefit. Yang, speaking of stable coins, are institutions looking beyond just dollar peg tokens, probably other currencies? Yeah, you mean other than, other than- Yeah, maybe euro backed or pound backed. Bound backed or like gold backed. Yeah. Yeah, we do see like some of the trade 5 players, they want to tokenize a lot of trade 5 asset class into the token. From our side tokenization, it's just like technical layer. layer and it can improve the presence global, you can also improve your clearing and assessment efficiency, you can also can have a like a smart contract style to make you have a liquidity on chain. But the liquidity, the volume side is decided by the asset. If the client, the later client, the internal client, they want to hold, they don't want to trade, tokenized cannot solve these kind of things. You can like combine some function into tokenization, but I think from the underlying value it's decided by the asset. So I think TBL token will be the first one because most of the institution, they want to hold TBLs and want to have a very efficient cash settled layer. But for the others, for the real estate, it's related to some legal issues. For the gold, related to how to reserve the gold security and how to trust the counterparties. And for the debt side, it's also like concern to these two things, legal side and the reserve side. It needs some time. But we do see the trend. The tokenization is a big trend for all the different asset class and how to deal with, how to do refinancing, how to do like improve the liquidity via the asset. We do see the trend. Okay. If I may, Onkar, just to answer your question, and I kind of will take the opportunity to get a plug-in for my parents. So Standard Chartered, I think, announced yesterday or earlier in the week, the partnership with Animoca and HKT to issue a Hong Kong dollar stablecoin, which was in the sandbox in the HKMA. And I think to your point in terms of not just US dollar-paid stablecoins and other factors, ultimately, some of the benefits of speed and efficiency, again, coming back to that point around mitigating settlement risk, mitigating counterparty credit risk. If you can move the FX markets on chain or the underlying cash on chain, and not just dollars, because the dollar dominance in the stablecoin market is at north of 99%. The 99 plus percent of the stablecoin market is denominated in US dollars. So Hong Kong dollar is coming on chain. It's a peg currency to the US dollar, so it's not necessarily directly uncorrelated, but it allows to then think about how you can cross in non-dollar currencies. And actually, one of the biggest inefficiencies in the Tradify market is the fact that you end up having to cross in FX through a US dollar. Yeah. So if I want to pay someone from Hong Kong in the UAE, for example, right? I want to pay Jez in the UAE, I have to go through the US to transfer. If I could have two stablecoins that I can net off against each other that are not touching the US dollar, as an example, all of a sudden, I've reduced the dependency or the translation time required for that kind of transaction. I think all of that lends itself back to the theme of our topic, which is liquidity. How do you enable institutions doing more? What we're doing right now is we're thinking about taking blockchain technology and applying it to Tradify products without necessarily thinking about actually what does the blockchain technology allow us to do more so. And that's where I think the evolution long term comes. But you need participation, right? It's 99.6% dollar dominated in stablecoins because everyone uses the US dollar. Actually, if you can start thinking about how you do cross chain movements and efficiency, all of a sudden, you can enable greater liquidity and enable utilization in ways that perhaps we hadn't thought about just before. The forex market is like what the daily volume is in trillions. So I'm wondering how... Yeah, close to $8 trillion a day trade in FX. Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's used, but bringing it on chain itself, probably it's a challenge is the blockchain trilemma. How do you maintain scalability as well as... Yeah, I mean, if you thought about bringing 1% of the FX market on chain and you look at the daily trading volume of stablecoins, you're actually there. Yeah, yeah. Right? So you actually have 1%. 100% is a big lift, right? But I think there's definitely the capability to start moving that way. Okay. And when we talk about liquidity, there's always this concern about it's being fragmented across DeFi, various DeFi protocols or in centralized exchanges. So I'm wondering is that the concern for institutions and how are they looking to address it? Maybe they're looking at the interop protocols or do you guys have any in-house products that are looking to solve these issues? Yeah, we do see that the biggest challenge in this industry, in this liquidity industry is the fragment of the liquidity. Yeah, we see that liquidity came from like CeFi, from DeFi, CeFi also different exchanges, different OTC providers, different rules for different districts. And for the like Topcoin, like Bitcoin Ethereum, you can also have access to ETF liquidity, combine ETF liquidity and crypto exchange liquidity together. But for the institutions, when they're facing this, like this this picture, how to address the counterparty risk, how to find the best price for the asset, how to improve your fund efficiency when you're clearing with all the counterparties. I think this infrastructure cannot sustain for the next stage of crypto. So from our side, we are a prime broker. We are like clearing on the risk control layer between the institutions and the liquidity. So we provide a unified trading system, making the client access to the CeFi or access to DeFi and we do cross margin between CeFi and DeFi. We can also offset between different exchanges, between CeFi and DeFi. And we do lending on top of this layer, we control the risk. We also cooperate with the banks to make them have the bank rails to the on-off ramps. So we need this layer to improve the efficiency, to decline the counterparties and make the market more efficient. Yes, I mean, I think it's a very good point. Where we find is the fragmentation liquidity is quite a lot of the liquidity today comes from retail. I mean, it's the point earlier raised that it actually is born out of retail in the institution as opposed to the other way around. So you have a significant fragmentation. Even exchanges, when you look at it, the volumes you today see in Ibit versus, you know, else, the rest of the, you know, centralized exchanges and then, of course, options as well. Similar, you're seeing significant differences. But of course, you can bridge this liquidity. But for sure, institutions like us and very similar to Usman's since we are there to provide, you know, bridge that gap. Reality is a lot of institutions find difficult to onboard most of these exchanges, right? Because it's not just fragmentation liquidity, the standards they require. So hence, you have OTC counterparties. Typically, they end up aggregating liquidity. So when you aggregate liquidity, of course, at times, it's not the sexes. You are starting to see decentralized exchanges starting to become, you know, in terms of size and market depth. In certain tokens, they are far better than even centralized exchanges. So in terms of price discovery, price stability and a constant liquidity, you get actually in DeFi and liquidity pools at times better. So you need to be able to aggregate. Now, of course, when you're going to DeFi, you have the issue of, again, fragmentation liquidity due to KYC, AML issues and all that. So, I think, yeah, aggregating liquidity is key, whether when it comes to exchanges or different types of tokens. Particularly when you go in the long tail, it becomes very hard. When you're dealing with ETH and Bitcoin because of the size of the ETF market, the size of the institutional market, it's a lot easier. But, you know, as derivatives market develop, you're going to see probably more and more depth coming through as well. Because institutions like to take exposure through derivatives as well, right? Yes. So, probably all coins would see more liquidity once we have, let's say, a spot ETF or options on Deribit or some other exchange. That's what they're saying. Yeah, and then, of course, you're going to see Deribit market go beyond, right? Now, you're going to see even today probably Ibit options are as big or bigger than what you find in Deribit. So you're going to see, you know, more venues coming, more institutional standard venues coming through. Which is probably, you know, again, touches about regulation and so forth. Yeah. Smart, what's your day? Yeah, I mean, the thing that Jack mentioned, I think, and, you know, Jez has touched upon, there's a market structure play. So, you know, Jack touched upon the layer of capability that prime brokers are filling in the ecosystem. But, you know, we know from our TradFi backgrounds that actually there's clearing houses, there's infrastructures, there's central clearing counter parties, there's, which in many respects we shouldn't have to recreate. But equally, if you want the largest participants on the streets, the banks, broker dealers, the very significant counter parties, for them to move completely into a world they don't understand, right, into the DeFi space, you have to create the stepping stones to allow them to get there. So, I'm not a proponent of necessarily recreating a clearing house. But if the biggest banks in the world think about risk mitigation through utilization of a clearing house, what steps can we take by leveraging the technology, the underlying capability, the distributed nature that we're operating within? That, for me, that market structure piece is an enablement. And there's certain steps that will need to be taken that may not be the steps that people would think about when they think about decentralization. Yeah. But may be required to help, and just put it perfectly, create that bridge. Yeah. How do you create that bridge between wholesale or traditional finance capability, which is really what we talk about with institutions, and the kind of the DeFi world that is evolving? Now, the really interesting thing is that historically, in financial markets evolution, it was normally the sell side firms that innovated with products. Yeah. What we've seen in this ecosystem is it's been led by retail, and then BlackRock, as a buy side institution, have essentially driven the BTC ETF market. And there wasn't just them, obviously. There was 11 that were issued last year, but this was the largest by far. And so, the traditional market evolution through the sell side financial innovation and products, you know, the derivatives market is a great example, that grew out of, you know, the sell side institutions thinking about how they create solutions for their clients. In many respects, the sell side institutions, and we're both part of one, or have been, have been left behind a little bit, because the market structure, the norms aren't there. And we're seeing innovation come through retail and the buy side, which is actually quite different to the way the traditional finance markets evolved over decades. You spoke about prime brokerage services. So, unlike traditional markets, we, like in crypto, do not have this proper thriving ecosystem of prime brokerages. So, what do you think is stopping them from scaling into digital assets? Yeah, we, as two of the two have shared that we think we need to rebuild the structure of the crypto from, we can think from 2022 that when FTS crash, when exchange to everything internal, it's a big, big risk for our industry. So, we need to separate the custody out of exchanges to make everyone's fund safe. Also, we need to separate the prime broker or clearing house out of the exchanges to make everyone's position safe. And we think it will be a, like, stable triangle in this industry, exchanges, custody and prime broker. In this side, we, our structure can sustainable for, like, 10 times of the, like, AUM right now. So, as a prime broker, we also are thinking how, how we can be more trustable, more transparent, more regulated, and we, how we can be more stable to sustainable or the model and more trade from us. You know, in the past 10 months, 12 months, we have just like 1.1 trillion on the platform. Okay. And when 10 times the flow is going to us, how we can handle that? So, it will be a, we, like, new generation of the technology side, how to get involved in more, more trade-fied technology into crypto or to address the, like, stable, low latency, scaling, high scalable trading system, clearing system, risk control system to adjust all the institutional flows. Also, how we can address this clearing and settlement. We use stablecoin. Also, we can also, like, settle with cryptos. How we can settle with, like, like, year-bearing tokens. How to, how us can combine exchange and banks together to make the institutions can have a, like, more on-offering rules to, to, to make them go through. So, all the things we are thinking and we, we, like, solve all the things with our, with our partners, how we can cooperate with the OTC providers to give them, like, better liquidity for the block trade, for the, like, long-tail tokens or long-tail derivatives. Also, how we can access to, like, more regulated exchanges. Have, like, more, like, liquidity from the liquidity from, from the, like, regulated side. That's the things we are, we are thinking, we are solving and we want to cooperate with all of the institutions in the, in this industry. Just how's the scene in Dubai with respect to all these things? I mean, they, I mean, we were just talking about UAE as a whole, the regulations have evolved. Yeah. Of course, they've, clarity around regulation is extremely, I mean, it's also kind of linked to the liquidity because clarity around regulation is extremely important for price, discard price stability. A lot of the fragmentation has taken place because of lack of regulation in different parts of the world or they're more of regulation. So, I think having stability around regulation is extremely important because if you look at also touching about UAE, there are a lot of global exchange and liquidity providers that have come there because, you know, super clarity around where the regulation stands. So, regulation and government clarity and institutional backing, extremely important, ultimate liquidity and, you know, touched upon areas of, you know, access to capital and balance sheet. Because one of the main issues, both for credit mitigation, whether it's PBE, is lack of balance sheet. Yeah. Why is there lack of balance sheet? Institutions are still afraid to deploy a large amount of balance, which they have, because the returns you can generate are far more significant, you'll find in trade-fi, right? But it's just one of the difficulties they have is lack of, I mean, lack of, I would say, regulatory convergence, right? Because the global institution, they cannot just go and arb regulators between different regions. So, they want to have consistent regulations. That will… And then, of course, better risk management tools as well and governance within the crypto ecosystem. That's what led to some of the, you know, issues in the past, right? Yeah. On a final note, I want to know, like, when you guys speak to institutions, are they looking at Bitcoin now as a part of your 70-30 portfolio mix? Is Bitcoin now somewhere 10 or 20 percent for them? I'm not sure 10 or 20 percent. I would love it to be 10 or 20 percent. Yeah, it's optimistic. But absolutely, I mean, as a diversification play, you know, many people may not know this, but we, in the UK, we supported the first ever direct access to Bitcoin by a pension fund. Okay. So, pension funds in the UK are, have allocated into Bitcoin as an underlying, as part of the ecosystem, and we were fortunate enough to be selected to help support that, and it's been distributed across a multitude of custodians. But ultimately, I think where we're at now, the tipping point has already… It's in the past now, right? We've got sovereign wealth funds that are looking at digital assets on balance sheet. You've got, you know, legal tender in El Salvador and other countries that are starting to form. So, yes, I think we are there. I think it's how we scale. Jez summed it up beautifully just now, right? One of the biggest gaps in the ecosystem remains capital. Yeah. How do you affect capital into the ecosystem in a controlled, sustainable, and regulated way? At the moment, regulators are prohibiting the large banks from getting involved because the penal capital charges that are in place on holding digital assets on balance sheet, when in many respects, you would argue that the settlement time makes them much more effective and efficient. All right. That was a great session. Thank you, gents for joining us. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.