 . Thanks, everyone, for coming out for our panel today. We've got an amazing amount of talent here with a huge amount of experience in Web3 gaming and investing. And it's a real valuable opportunity to get a bit of an insight into where the thinking is, where the challenges are in Web3 gaming right now, and where things are going in the next couple of years. If we have time at the end, we might be able to take a couple of questions for the audience. So if you can start working on something suitably spicy, that would be amazing. But first, I might kick off with everyone just quickly introducing themselves. Paul, did you want to start? PAUL KAYE, CEO for a Layer 1 chain called XPLA or . We are a gaming and entertainment focus chain. We were developed by one of the largest gaming companies from Korea called . They've been developing and publishing games for the past 25, 26 years or so. So they're one of the OGs in the Web3 gaming space, especially in the mobile game space. Now, in 2022, they decided to jump into the Web3 space. We started off with a Web3 gaming platform, then pivoted over to a Layer 1 project. And yeah, we've been strong at it, even though the market is tough at the moment. But happy to share more. I know I don't have all the time in the world. We will come to that. Yeah. Hey, everyone. My name is Alan. I've been a founder and investor for the last 14 years in both Web2 and Web3. And started in crypto pretty random during the ICO wave, I guess, as many of you guys do. And I guess I was lucky that when I founded my firm in late 2018, the couple first projects I worked on become the Sandbox, Andy Milker, Deppelabs, and et cetera. So that's how we really started as a publisher for these games. And fast forward to now, we go from that, you know, 35 people team to now 300 people with a very diverse variety of business. Tremendous. Kun. Yeah. Hi, everyone. Kun here. I'm an angel investor in the gaming entertainment space. In Web3, I've had the good privilege to invest into game companies, including Axie, Cypher, MetaTheory, Pixels, among others. And my previous background is actually in Web2, building consumer applications. I founded an anime company called Crunchyroll, which is like a Netflix for anime. And most recently, I'm working on Forge, which is a game platform that helps games, Web2 and Web3, connect and find players. That's very modest, Oviku. And you've recently went over a million users on Forge, correct? That's right. So can you tell us a bit about the journey to a million users? Because I understand you support both Web2 and Web3 games under the platform. And that's an impressive number, whether you're in Web2 or Web3, particularly, I think, in Web3 gaming. Yeah. I think what's really interesting, at least from my perspective, is we launched about a year ago. And fundamentally, what we're trying to do is help games solve their most difficult and challenging problems. And the most challenging in Web3 is, how do you connect with players? How do you connect with your audience? And it so happens that those are the same challenges that games see in Web2 as well. If you look at the Web2 ecosystem, you've got these incredibly robust but also very high-walled walled gardens like Steam, iOS, Android, the console platforms. And it's becoming increasingly more difficult for any Web2 game to publish and to become successful. And with Web3 games, we see exactly the same challenges. Namely, how do you find and connect with your players? And how do you get them to engage with your game? For us, it's really how do you try to solve those distribution problems? How to connect and authenticate players? How do you get more data? How do you find more players out there that might be interested in games? And our starting point is figuring out what is the right incentives for players to want to participate in those games' economies, in those games' communities, in those games' ecosystems. Well, you've certainly hit some of those points right to get those kind of numbers coming along. But I might ask Alan as well to comment on that journey of bringing users into the Web3 space. I think Paul mentioned it's been a bit tougher of late. But what have you seen across your involvement in the space with just gamers coming into Web3 versus Web2? ALAN SEALES- Right. So as a layer one chain, we're a permissionless chain, so anybody can build. But our master content provider is ComeToUs. So what that means is that we're able to leverage the hundreds of gaming IPs that come to us. In terms of gaming, the games that we launch on the chain from ComeToUs, they're both Web2 and Web3 game, meaning they're launched as a Web2 game, but we add the Web3 layer on top of that to enable Web3 transactions for the players. So you can play it as a Web2 game if you want. But at the same time, if you'd like to explore all the Web3 opportunities, then you just turn it on, and you're earning tokens. You're able to mint NFTs, earn the gaming assets, et cetera. Now, some of the so our early hypothesis was that in the gaming space, the very own fact of gaming studios sharing their IPs with the users is a revolutionary change. And we thought the digital ownership of these assets would resonate with Web2 gamers. Now, we might be a little bit too ahead of our time, but I feel like at this current space in the past two to three years, Web3 gamers are still more focused on the earning aspects rather than the digital asset ownership. So we found out that the actual ownership of digital assets when it comes to gaming isn't as high of a value proposition for them to move over to Web3. PAUL LEWISMANNICKI- Well, I might get Alan to comment on that, because you wrote a piece for CoinDesk last year talking about perhaps clout and status, bringing people into gaming as one of the key drivers. What do you think of Paul's comment about assets not being that? Because I remember there was a lot of hype in the day of everyone wants to own their own asset. And then we had a couple of games that over-minted, I think one AAA studio in particular, gave too many little knives and stuff, and all the prices collapsed. But in terms of your comments last year on clout and status, how do you see that playing into the drawing people into the games? Yeah, I think it's any time you try to give a free market to any type of asset, it becomes sort of borderline dangerous, right? Same as real estate, right? Real estate is supposed for where you live. But then when you become an asset, they could create a crisis like 2008, if you over package it or if you're not packaging it in the right way. And I think similarly for games, but it's just freaking a lot more complicated. Because games are known for our layers of asset. There is a lot of value economy involved to design that as well. And I think a lot of time, the user also don't know what they're exactly signing up for, because a lot of them are not really for the games. A lot of them are for the airdrops, right? And in order to make a profit. So I always look at those kind of decisions. There is no right way to do it. And also every cycle is a very different playbook. You know, what works with sandbox last cycle in southern lands would not work there. Probably would not work there again, right? So for example, this cycle, I think everyone kind of really prefer a much more simplistic view of the asset pack, right? Last cycle is like you can draw a chart, and people say you go through this, you buy this, touch your NFT path, and you can earn more, you can get the heroes first. The heroes give you higher productivity, you minus more tokens. Or even dual token structure, right? And then this cycle, this is all too complicated, because for a lot of users, this is lower ROI of the time, right? So you kind of like almost have to repack a certain thing, maybe into a note cell, into an NFT cell. So both the token and the tools and weapon, the heroes all come together in a simple, more simplistic view of stuff. So, but I think the fundamental is not changing. I think there are certain genre of games where a small handful of people, I ask myself even playing Web 2 or Web 3 a lot of time, why did I pay 150 E for a board ape, or for a really rare board ape? Why not something else? Is it really the artwork that I like? No, it's obviously the status. Right? Why are we willing to pay three times as much for Bergen than a coach back? They're equally good back. But that's the status. So I think there's still a lot of this, there's no right or wrong to it, it's just how humans react to it, and we react to these type of things every single day. And I think that is forever gonna attach, and that is actually a good thing, honestly, for, I think, for gaming to go forward. If I may add, like, so. Thanks, dude. I was referring to the casual gamers. Yes. I mean, of course, the more hardcore gamers, they care about the status, they care about what they have, what they own, but for the vast majority of the casual gamers, the value proposition of owning a digital asset isn't as high as we thought at the moment. I think that could change. I think we're working on changing that narrative through education, but I always use the example of Valorant. Like, most of the gamers, they purchase skins, and the skins are in their account, but technically they don't own it. It's still owned by Riot. Yes. But for most of the casual gamers, that structure is fine. They're content in that structure. Yes. So they don't see the need to move off to Web 3 so that they could fully own that whatever skin that they've purchased. Hopefully through education and different, I guess, innovations on how we apply tokenomics to these games, we can change that. But I think we're still a couple of years away from actually being able to drive that mass adoption to Web 3 games. Yeah. And just to add, I completely agree. I feel like, at least with gaming, there's not that consumer demand for asset ownership, right? No one's saying, hey, man, I totally would play. I don't know, League of Legends, but they don't let me own, literally own, in my custody, the skins. So I'm not going to play it. They're still playing it. And if you look at every major milestone, if you will, in gaming, or broadly entertainment, it's usually driven by some major change in a distribution platform or business model or a genre of content. So distribution platform will be like PC versus going to mobile versus now going into, say, cloud or VR. That would be like a distribution. Business model will be like buying physical copy versus like a subscription versus microtransaction. And then with genre, it's FPS versus like a MOBA versus like now, it's Battle Royale. I feel like Web3, if you look at how the technology could be applied, it's clearly potentially a good fit for creating a new business model within Web3 gaming. But I feel like we still haven't seen what that potential business model is, and we still need a lot of experimentation to figure out what is that new business model that Web3 enables in terms of that player-developer relationship. Yeah. I actually have a thesis on this. Like, I actually think it is highly genre-depending in this topic, because it's not, they're not equal, right? For example, I actually think that, you know, like FPS game or let's say a racing game is incredibly difficult for you to become Web3, because fundamentally it's a fair competition, right? You're using AKM, you're using MP4, and you know, you blow my hat. You feel good about it. And yes, we can do some skin, but it's not really like a core needs, right? And, but if I give you, let's say you pay 10 E for an NFT gun that automatically trust my hat, then it's no longer fun. But for example, like, if you play like a game like SLG, right? Like the reason SLG is so popular in China is because we all pretty hardcore at a certain point. We all pay up a lot of money because I have to win. I just have to be top of my league. I have to join the best, you know, alliances and et cetera. So I should pay a lot of money, even Web2, to try to maintain my status, try to maintain, make sure I'm at the top of the system, because their asset flow is so much. And by acquiring these assets, it allow me to compose on top. It allows me to produce certain thing more so or more efficiently than other castles or other alliances. And I tend to think about that in Web3's like tokenomic design as well. It's like you almost have to make it related to two major things. One is social status, super important. Number two is you need to make sure that only the people with asset that can produce in a much, you know, can produce and have a much higher earning potential. It's almost like the way you're thinking about whether you're going to rent an apartment for living or are you going to buy an apartment for a living, right? Why in Asia we all want to buy an apartment at our age of even like 25 or 30s? The social presence tells us if you don't have an apartment, no girl is going to marry you. So that is the status part. And another part is like, yeah, real estate is always going up. So if I don't have an apartment, how do I capture that? So you look at the last generation, they make their world by holding their apartment. So, you know, renting is not as good as buying. So those pretty much presented the social pressure and also the economic incentive. And I think I tend to think about like human are not that different when it comes to gaming and other things. And we need to find this kind of like very specific desire for a user to, for a reason, right? For them to own them. And I think if we just stop a scan or whatever, it's not going to be enough to be honest, right? Well, that's a very good point. So a lot of Web3 games have had the challenge of it's got to be a good game, plus it's got to overcome what historically has been not great UX on certain integrations. I might invite each of you to speak to whether you think enough progress has been made broadly across the industry on getting the UX, you know, smoothly hidden away on the blockchain side from the users so that they're not getting caught. My kids love to play Axie for a little while, then they got annoyed at having to connect a wallet all the time and it kind of quit it for them. They hadn't quite reached the point of getting excited about cloud. But do you think the UX is getting there and the integrations are getting there to a point where it's not being the issue it once was? I think if we look at the cycle, the game titles, the single titles at this cycle, I think no one could debate or argue that they're so much better than the ones in last cycle, right? Godzilla is a much better product. Age of Dino is a better product. You can name, you know, tens of them, right? Even Palo is a better card game to a certain degree. And there feels like 80%, I would say, compared to a gaming experience that we can play. 80-85% where it's no longer intrusive. But I think the part is, I don't look at just that, that is the product. I think the product is that plus tokenomic, plus the capital market design. So, and plus how you design all this asset, how you sell this asset, right? And all that, even your secondary market performance, your price action, that's all part of this bigger products you're in, this community you're in. So, I think one part has improved a lot, but we haven't seen a lot of, you know, I think projects that successfully gel them together and really put them together, right? I'll argue maybe like Ultron Prime was one of the ones that did relatively close, they've done well, they checked the compartment of narrative, you know, they have a bunch of AI, you know, cash tech stories like K.O.S. Shelling, a bunch of light web tool show shows. And they have a decent playable game. Tokenomics decently well, for example, you play every day, only your five best wins that day would give you the play to earn. So, you can, so you can instead apply 200 times, but you can brush it, you can farm it, right? Like only your top five, you know, you can get it. So, I think they probably are the closest I've seen in this cycle that were like kind of, there are 75 in each category and when they come together and that's why I think, you know, they've been in the one, two billion chances for a very long time. And a lot of other products where I look at them is like there's a great game, but some other compartment is just missing. So, I think, I think, I think, whether you almost have to look at token is part of product, community is part of product, distribution is part of product. Yeah, I think just competing on UX alone is not going to be enough. And in fact, if you look at successful games in Web 2, many of them are not the best in terms of overall production quality, if you will. Certainly, you don't want the wallet to get in the way of the player, onboarding the player playing. But if you look at games like Among Us, like it's not really the most high fidelity, but there's that really compelling social aspect that makes it so much, you know, more sticky that people want to play. If you look at the rise of Zynga back in the social, you know, Facebook days, that was literally like click a button and then you see a progress meter and then you spam five friends. Like that wasn't comparable to console and yet it was wildly successful. Right. I feel like with Web 3 games and this is no different from Web 2 games, there's plenty of Web 2 games out there, huge hits that have been the studio or the distribution company have invested hundreds of millions of dollars into the production. And ultimately, it just doesn't work. Like we've seen many different iterations of that where the game itself, even with the best quality, amazing gameplay stories, it just doesn't work. I feel like for Web 3, if we're going to succeed, it's going to be how do we make more bets that are leveraging what's really unique about Web 3 into building something that you can't really do in Web 2. That's what I think we need to do more experimentation on. For example, nowadays you see a lot more like social casinos, you see a lot more skill-based wagering, you see the rise of FanDuel, DraftKings. Like that genre, I feel like it's something that Web 3 potentially has a unique advantage in because there's just a lot more fluidity of the market, for example, in creating secondary market for assets and making much more fluid and transparent ways for players to play those kinds of games. That's like one area where clearly Web 3 has an advantage. So those are the kind of things that I think about that I feel like Web 3 should make more investment or do more experimentation rather than purely focusing on, okay, how do we beat Valorant at being Valorant? Because you can't. Yeah. Well, that makes sense. And what about the back-end traceability of Web 3 from the perspective of developers to be able to get really useful information on their users to try and tailor experiences? Do you think that's a key advantage Web 3 might have over Web 2? And if not, why is that not shining through yet? Well, I think it's not necessarily a disadvantage. But if you look at existing Web 2 games and the platforms that you're distributing on, you don't get very much data these days. That's right. Whether it's mobile to IDFA or all the big major publishing platforms, there's just not a lot of data. They're holding the data. That's right. And that's something that everyone's struggling with. With Web 3, you have the added complexity of, okay, well, the wallet, anyone can create a new wallet. So how do you even connect the dots on there? That is one of the challenges that we're trying to solve at Forge, which is, okay, well, with Web 3, you can create unique incentives to the player, just like you can in Web 2. But how do you incentivize the player to want to contribute their data to the game so the game can better understand, okay, the same player is the same person on social, is the same person on Discord, is the same person watching a YouTube clip, is the same person playing their game on multiple different platforms. One of the themes I feel like most Web 2 games are now trying to tackle is cross-platform. And nowadays, players live across every platform, whether it's gaming or social or whatnot. And so in order to win, every game needs to better understand its audience and have a direct-to-player relationship so that they can get access to that data in a way that existing platforms just don't provide to them. And I think we want to make sure we get one or two questions from the audience. You've been working on those spicy questions, I hope. And I'll ask Paul to start. Just what do you see as the biggest opportunity and the biggest threat to the outlook for Web 3 gaming and just building up hype in the next year? Or two years? You can have a longer time frame. Opportunity-wise, I think, well, I hope that a lot of the Web 3 gaming projects out there feel the squeeze right now in this market space, market environment, realizing that the traditional pump-and-dub type of games are not working. So that we can innovate something together and create a Web 3 gaming experience that could really trigger that mass adoption of Web 3 games. What are the threats? More pump-and-dump games that damages the reputation of Web 3 games. Because I think, look, I talked about how digital asset ownership wasn't a high-value proposition for gamers. But I still believe that digital asset ownership is a key part of what will make Web 3 games, I guess, the norm, I guess. And bring a good opportunity in this space. So, yeah, I'm excited about where Web 3 game is going to go towards. And I just wanted to address something that was asked earlier, which was the UX part. So one of the things that we're doing is we're launching a social fight platform where it connects to different aspects of the chain that we're on, of our chain. Whether it's a DEX, whether it's a staking platform, whether it's an NFT marketplace. It's a visualized DeFi, social fight experience where you can use your social login to log in. Your wallet will be created in the back end, so you don't have to really think about that. But we're visualizing the different Web 3 transaction activities and we're gamifying it. So, for example, if you want to stake your tokens into a validator, we represent the validator as a statue. And the action of you worshipping that statue by way of putting your tokens into the statue, you're able to earn rewards from that. If you want to mint your meme coins, you plant the seed and then you can harvest your meme coins later. So we're trying to make it easier and lower the entry barrier to Web 3 gaming that way so that they come into this experience and they're able to flow to different aspects of our chain, whether it be games, whether it be DEX, whether it be NFT marketplace. So I think innovations like that and some others I think will be in a good spot in about a year or two. Excellent. Alan, from that investment perspective, what's the biggest threat and biggest opportunity? Well, I think biggest threat is just there isn't that much measure, right? There isn't that much measure. You don't see the same level of CD impressions. You don't see really that many slots exchange give to gaming projects. Like, you know, venture funding is pretty dry. Most of the KOs don't want to talk about it, right? And naturally so. Maki is always tracing the hot new thing. Now AI is the thing. A couple of months ago, it was a different thing. And, you know, even now, meme is like kind of in the, you know, seems like in the headwind of changing directions. And so I think, but I think the opportunity here is also, I remember last cycle after X, you look at really, let's say, a very experienced team. Experienced in a sense that they have both success and battle scars in Web 2, building games, and Web 3 publishing. The valuation would be like 70 million. Or 60 million, right? A lot of them, right? I remember a blog where we were back in the day, we also visited, there was what, 80? A lot of them raised 70, 80, 90. Now you can find a 17 by 15. Okay. 20 maybe, right? 25, right? So I think the thing is, regardless if you're a VC or you're a no-sale purchaser or you're a retail farmer, even so, it doesn't matter. Like, you could get lucky with and walk away with a blacksmith, wukong type of return if, you know, you're lucky with one or two. Fair enough. Kun, did you have a very quick opportunity and threat? Then we might try and get a question from the audience. Yeah, it's the same. It's really echoing what Alan says. I think the reason why we've seen so much interest and talent come into Web 3 and gaming is there's plenty of game studios in Web 2 that all they want to do is build great games. And the challenge is the traditional financing ecosystem for Web 2 games prior to, you know, the last few years where Adventure really stepped up with game-focused funds has been non-existent. It's mostly going through existing publishers and, you know, they give you milestones and you develop and then, like, you don't get very much of the upside. I think Web 3 is still one of the best places for teams to raise in because the liquidity and the access to capital, because of the token liquidity, potentially you get better valuations. If you're seeing, you know, 15 or 20 from Web 3 games, in Web 2 it's, like, probably way less, right? And so that is still an opportunity for Web 3 to continue to be at the forefront of funding innovation in game development, period. And I think being able to figure out, you know, how can we be better at investing into games in general as Web 3 without having the game developer worry about how do they defend their liquidity once they launch a token, right? Because they should be focused on building the game, not worried about, okay, how to, you know, keep doing hype to keep token prices up. So I feel like we need to figure out different instruments to facilitate that. Okay, that makes sense. Now our clock is tight. Do I have time for one question from the audience? Maybe. Does someone have a particularly spicy question? This gentleman down the front. Quick, quick with the mic. Thank you. Okay. I have questions for Sir Alan here, if I may. Okay. My name is also Alan. I'm building Kumashi, the first hack and slash game in Barachain. And I think we can all agree that hyperinflation is the worst enemies of Web 3 games, right? And since Barachain has this POL model, the proof of liquidity, right? What's your take on implementing proof of liquidity model on GameFi? Because do you think it can revolutionize Web 3 game by making the game economy much more sustainable? And do you think it will be like a game changer of Web 3 games? Thank you. Yeah. Honest answer is I have no idea. I'm hosting a party tonight with Barachain. But then the whole thesis, I don't think it's like a simple consensus tweak, right? That you can change that and immediately it will be just like... Honestly, in the field guy industry, it's very hard to make anything deflationary. It's really hard to make anything, even for L1, even for a lot of things. The reason is the features don't exist to make it deflationary, right? And fundamentally, I think you can have a different tweak of inflationary model. But fundamentally, it's a zero-sum game. Someone sell it high, someone have to buy it at high, right? Where does that money come from? Where's that liquidity source? So I think fundamentally is a very difficult question. But I don't believe in silver bullet. If there's a short answer, I don't believe in any simple silver bullet for gaming. I think actually, if you ask most of the gaming team to go back to the time and say, can you recreate your success? I think 80% of them would pretty much fail, regardless of Web 2 or Web 3. So I think there's also 50% luck, timing, a bunch of other factors involved. Well, fantastic. Any other questions, you're going to have to harass them on the floor. Please join me in thanking Kuhn, Ellen, and Paul. And thank you so much for coming along to our talk today. Thank you.