 . So I have a question. Who here could afford to power a data center full of NVIDIA computer chips? Probably nobody, right? But who here could afford to power one extra light bulb in their household? All of us could, right? Thank you, sir. I ask that because the amount of electricity it takes to power one light bulb is about the same amount of electricity it takes to power one of these D-PIN devices that I am here to unveil today. So consider that. Consider that we could power the amount of compute it takes to train and run AI systems in a decentralized way so that we're not relying on the giant companies which provide limited access, are very expensive, and are centralized. Here's something to consider. According to the World Economic Forum, about 7% of all people who have ever lived are alive right now. I find that to be a staggering statistic. I'll say it again. 7% of all human beings who have ever lived are alive right now. And let's consider that most of them, I would argue at least half, come into contact with artificial intelligence on a regular basis, whether they realize it or not. You don't have to be in a self-driving car or living in a smart home or even chatting with ChatGPT to be interacting with artificial intelligence these days. Something as simple as using Google Maps involves coming into contact with AI. And AI is becoming gradually more and more part of the backbone of modern digital civilization. It affects the way we learn things. It affects the way we make decisions, communicate with each other, and so much more. And so we are very delighted, we at MeshKnow are delighted, to be part of democratizing access to this power that is needed for all this AI everywhere. So let me take a step back and introduce myself. My name is Samuel Haynes. I am the Director of Market Development for MeshChain AI. I was born in 1982 in Kentucky, United States. And at that time, my parents were pig farmers. We had one rotary telephone and one black and white TV that had three channels. Fast forward to 10 years after that, my father got a pager for his job. And I thought, gosh, we are so technologically advanced. I went to school and told all of my friends, my father has a pager. If you want to get a hold of him, you can do that at any time, regardless of where he is. I realized that I'm no spring chicken. And for some of you, I'm sure 1982 seems like a long time ago, but in the big scheme of things, it's really not even the blink of an eye. And in not even a blink of an eye, we've gone from a rotary telephone to this. I could use this small smartphone that I take for granted, and I could call my mother in the United States right now and wake her up. And I could talk to her. I could look at her face and speak to her in real time, even though that she's in Georgia, United States. With this tiny device, again, that I take for granted, I could translate any language. I could look up any fact I want. I could do so much with this. And yet, I find myself getting angry sometimes when an application won't open fast enough or when a simple process won't be done. It's like I'm getting angry at a miracle that's in my pocket. So before I go on, I would just like to mention that I have two sons. My eldest son is 13 years old. And when he was born, I was shocked, or not so much shocked, but just struck by the fact that he was born into a world where there was already Facebook. And he will never know a world without social media. My youngest son is two years old. And when he was born two years ago, I was struck by the fact that he was born into a world where there was already ChatDBT. He will never know a world without artificial intelligence. So before I move on, I just want to ask a question to get you thinking. If you had access to an unlimited amount of compute power and money were not an issue, what would you build? What would you design? Would it be a video game, an application, your own language model, perhaps? Chuck Norris GPT. And who would it be for? Who would it help? What good would it do for the world? Now I realize that not everybody sits around thinking about, oh, what digital thing might I design? But a lot of people do. And a lot of people have wonderful, innovative, very creative ideas for things that would make life more fair, more comfortable, you know, make our jobs easier. And we at MeshNode, again, want to democratize the access to the AI power that is required to do that. Oops. So today, I have several videos. I have a general introduction video, and I'll explain what MeshChain is. And then I'll talk about MeshNode, which is our hardware product that we are very proudly unveiling here at Consensus 25. And from there, we'll go to talk about the MCC token, its tokenomics, and its allocation, and finally, sales supporting community. So very excited to be here. And thank you so much for coming and showing me a bit of your attention. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Any questions? Thank you. New. In the digital age, where the demand for computing power to train artificial intelligence is ever-growing, businesses are constantly seeking innovative technology solutions to stay ahead. And MeshChain was born as a key to open the door to new development. MeshChain is an advanced, decentralized computing power connection system built to address high-performance demands for AI, gaming, and other technology applications. MeshChain provides tailored, high-intensity computing solutions with scalable resources, boasting over 3 million computing points worldwide. This approach cuts infrastructure costs by up to 70% compared to conventional methods and speeds up AI training by as much as 50%. Furthermore, MeshChain guarantees security and transparency through cutting-edge blockchain technology, while also allowing for flexible resource expansion to match a business's growth trajectory. Join MeshChain today to help shape the future and drive technological innovation with superior, decentralized computing power. Of course, that video itself was made in part by using artificial intelligence. So, in the video, they said that there were 300, or excuse me, 3 million nodes active across the world. As of yet, those nodes are in the form of online tools such as the Telegram bot that you could get into right now, and contribute idle compute power from your phone, and contribute this compute power to MeshChain. So what is MeshChain AI? MeshChain AI is a network that provides compute power in a decentralized way. So let's talk about how it works. There are many Mesh nodes. Each of these nodes is one of these devices. It's essentially a data processor. So let's imagine a small business. Maybe a bookstore. I want to sell my books online, so I need a chat bot that can help guide my customers to find the book that they want, to purchase it, and to arrange for shipment. But I don't have a huge amount of capital. I can't afford to go to, say, Google or Amazon or IBM. I don't want to pick on the big companies, but I want to say that MeshChain would be much more affordable and accessible to such a small business as a small bookstore like I'm talking about. So anyway, I send my idea from my chat bot to MeshChain. The orchestrator will break this workload into smaller bits, which we call workload shards. So these smaller bits, these workload shards, will get sent to worker nodes, which will then process the information. Once the information is processed, these workload shards will be sent to other Mesh nodes, which will validate the work that the worker nodes have done. So this is a sort of fail safe to make sure that the work was done correctly and that there are no bugs and it is ready to be aggregated. So in the MeshChain aggregator, basically we put the workload shards back together in the form of a complete product, which we can then ship to the customer. So what are the benefits of MeshChain? Again, MeshChain is the network. MeshNode is the hardware device, which I'll get into a little bit more later. But with MeshChain, there's cost efficiency. I keep talking about wanting to democratize AI compute power. One of the main ways to democratize it is to make it less expensive. More people can afford it, so more people will access it. So it's cost efficient. It does this by decentralizing the resources. Remember how I asked you about powering a light bulb being the same amount of electricity to power a MeshNode? Scalability. Now, I feel like the word scalability should be written larger on this slide because it's so important. Remember, again, the small bookstore that operates online. They're very small, so they only need a small amount of compute power. But let's say that their business goes wild, and within just a few months, they're selling books as fast as they can pull them off the shelves. So now, all of a sudden, very quickly, they need a lot more compute power. With MeshChain, that is not a problem at all. The wonderful thing about Deepin is that it is very scalable. We can go as low or as high as you want, and we can change that as quickly as you want. With MeshChain, we use the blockchain to ensure that all financial transactions are open and transparent for everybody to see. If you operate a MeshNode, you receive incentives or rewards in the form of our native token, which, again, I'll talk about a little bit later. Our token is called MCC. There we go. OK. So I've been talking about MeshChain, and now I would like to take a moment to talk about BlockNet Technologies. BlockNet Technologies has the mission of providing technology to small businesses. Well, to any business, but really catering to small businesses, to medium-sized businesses. This is a US-based company in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and it's the company that's called MeshChain. It's the company that I work for directly. The relationship between BlockNet Technologies and MeshChain is that MeshChain is the Singapore-based subsidiary of BlockNet. Hopefully that makes sense. In an era of constant digital transformation, where every technological choice shapes the future of a business, BlockNet Technologies, a pioneering company from the United States, has established itself as a trusted partner for leading entrepreneurs and corporations. With a mission to bridge cutting-edge technology and sustainable growth, we are committed to delivering innovative IT and blockchain solutions tailored to help businesses overcome challenges, optimize operations, and lay the foundation for exceptional growth. BlockNet Technologies' ecosystem of services includes cloud computing solutions, cybersecurity and compliance, software development, IT consulting and support. All of our services are built on a philosophy of flexibility, creativity, and always prioritizing the interests of our clients. BlockNet Technologies. Drive business success with next generation IT solutions. Okay. Again, BlockNet Technologies is the corporation based in the United States, and MeshChain AI is the subsidiary based in Singapore. MeshChain is the company that produces these devices, the MeshNode, which I would like to talk about now. So, a MeshNode, earlier I talked about decentralized devices using like cell phones, using their idle compute capacity to contribute to the network. But in a situation like that, if you have a whole bunch of different types of devices that are not quite similar, it's a bit difficult to optimize. So, we optimize our network by having the MeshNode. Each one of these is exactly the same and is optimized for performance. So, Ms. Alvira, if you would please bring one to the stage. I would like to unbox a MeshNode for everybody to see right now and activate it so everybody can see how simple it is. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, there is nothing to setting up a MeshChain. Not difficult at all. Or excuse me, a MeshNode. So, here we have the node. First thing I am going to do is plug in the power. Here I have a Type-C power adapter. Just plug it in in the back. Now I need to connect it to the internet. Here I have an ethernet cable. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Which I very simply plug in. So, in just a moment, this will be activated and it will be earning cryptocurrency. So, a MeshNode, again, a decentralized hardware device that serves as the backbone of the MeshChain AI ecosystem. These data processors are contributing processing power to the network, again, which is called MeshChain, to support our decentralized computing services. How it works is quite simple. It connects to the MeshChain AI platform through the internet. Oh, there we go. It's green. If it's green, it means it's working. It is actively contributing compute power and earning me rewards right now in the form of our coin. So, the benefits of the MeshChain is that you're earning passive income from the MCC token. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to press any buttons. It does all the work on its own. It self-updates. Low cost. Again, it costs about the same amount as a light bulb to power. There's maximum security with blockchain technology. And it's very easy to scale in the ecosystem. And if one of these nodes goes out, it doesn't really affect the whole system. So, to compare MeshNode with traditional solutions, it's about 70% less money to rent compute power from MeshChain. Whereas a cloud computing service such as AWS or Google Cloud could be thousands or tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. A cloud computing service is completely dependent on the service provider. If you're renting compute power from Google, you are at the mercy of the Google Corporation. Whereas with MeshNode, these are all autonomous. They're not controlled by any third party. It's all decentralized. All of our data is secure. Whereas with Google, there is the risk, and we have seen historically that data breaches are possible. And then, finally, of course, one of the most attractive things about the MeshNode is that you can earn MCC tokens and basically get money by owning one and providing power to the ecosystem. That is the means in which people pay to rent our compute power. And it is also the means that MeshNode operators get rewards. MeshNode operators get 90% of what people pay for the service. 5% then gets burned, and 5% goes back to the company. The tokens will increase in value over time. You can go on CoinMarketCap right now and look up the MCC token. It has gone up since yesterday. MCC token allocation. So let's talk about where these coins are and how they're allocated. Excuse me. 5% of MCC tokens are in the reserve fund. This is sort of an emergency fund for if we need to solve any unforeseen problems. 10% went to the public sale, which has already passed, where we sold 100 million tokens out of the total supply of 1 billion. And then from there, we have 40% going to development team advisors, maintenance, and partnerships. I would like to mention that there are cliff periods for all of these. For example, the development team cannot start accessing their coins for another 12 months. So it won't be another year until they start being able to gain access to their coins. And from there, it's going to take three more years in order for them to be able to claim all of those coins. So the point I'm trying to make is it's not going to be some sort of pump and dump. We're really trying to maintain the value of the coin because of its utility in the mesh chain system. Right? Because people both pay for the power that they lease from mesh chain and the mesh node users get rewarded in the form of that token. Speaking of the mesh node users, 45% of all tokens, the largest slice of the pie by far, are for the mesh node operators. Again, I was talking about how, for example, system development and maintenance, all of these have a cliff period and a vesting period. So that they're not getting access to all of these tokens all at once, which would disrupt the value of the coin. All of these things, by the way, I highly encourage you to look at our website because we have very clear roadmap and tokenomics and so much more on the website in our documents. So let's talk about money for a moment. Sales policy. To invest in a hardware node, you could walk out of Consensus 2025 today with one of these for just 100 USDT. The compute license investment is 2400 USDT. That is a one-time payment to activate the mesh node. It never needs to be activated again after that. You could give it away. You could sell it to a friend. Whatever. It's a one-time deal. We have a very attractive agency policy, and I would love it if anybody would come and speak to me about that over at our stand over there. With the agency policy, if someone were to invest in what we call a pack of mesh nodes, which is 100 mesh nodes, you could resell those. And if all of them get activated, the profit is 150%. And then furthermore, if you recommend somebody else to be an agent, you would get 20% of any packs sold to them. So I think the agency policy is quite attractive, especially since we offer what we call global assistance, which is the case that anybody who wants to buy a mesh node in the 100-kilometer area of the mesh node, area of any given sales agent, will be referred to that agent. So you wouldn't even have to make all the sales yourself. I find this incredibly attractive. If you'd like to come talk to me afterwards, I would love to speak with you. Getting somewhat low on time here. I would like to say that the mesh chain community is very, very important to us. I understand that we live in a day and age where, how do I say, there's a lot of insecurity about what can be trusted and what cannot be trusted online. And a lot of this is fueled by the developments of AI. It's becoming possible to clone your voice, to clone your image, even in video nowadays. It's really remarkable. And I've even been speaking to people who have been telling me about these chatbots that you can essentially clone your own self. And so it's hard to know who you can trust. And to overcome this barrier, we at Meshchain pride ourselves on interacting with a very healthy community. We have a huge following on Telegram, over 3 million people. On TikTok, we have about, I think it's 800,000. So Discord as well. You can access any of those through these QR codes. I highly encourage anybody who's interested in Meshchain to come speak with us. Ask questions. Give us your feedback. Complain to us if you want to. You know, just interact with us. We really, really enjoy interacting with our community. Because that's part of the essence of a network anyway. Right? We are developing a community of Mesh nodes so that we can have a very large amount of compute, which we can then sell. And ideally, provide innovation for the future. As of right now, we have about 40 companies leasing our compute power from us, and a waiting list of about 2,000. And as we get more and more Mesh node operators onboarded, we will have more compute power to take on more customers on the other side. If that makes sense. So we are very excited to expand our community and our network of Mesh node users. The more widespread it gets, the more people who contribute to the network, the broader we can expand it, and the more business customers that we can take on. So if you're interested in becoming an agent, or even just buying one individual Mesh node, you could do that here today, or you could order it through the website. It's very simple to do, and we ship worldwide. I have a couple minutes left. So I just wanted to extend my thank you to everybody for coming. Thanks, CoinDesk, for having this incredible event. This is the first time, I think, since five years that has not been held in the United States. So we're very excited to have been able to make it here to Hong Kong and show our product for the first time. We're very excited about the future. Let me just go over what I've said in the beginning. I introduced myself, said I'm an American. You know how impressed I am by how much AI has just blown up, even in my own lifetime. They say that to train Google's Minerva took six million times more compute power than it took to train AlexNet. It's difficult to quantify how much AI grows and how quickly it grows. If you ask 10 different people, you're probably going to get 10 different answers, because there are so many different ways to think about it. You could measure it in just raw compute power, or you could think about the amount of electricity it takes. That's a big concern worldwide. How much coal is being burned to mine Bitcoin is a question a lot of people are answering. Or, excuse me, asking. But I think that every single person that you ask will agree that the demands for AI compute is definitely growing at a rate that's much higher than the supply is. And that's something that we don't see so much as a problem. MeshChain sees that as an opportunity to grow this decentralized network where we can all benefit from it. MeshNode users can profit from the tokens that they are earning by providing the resource power. And small to medium sized businesses can benefit from the lower barrier to entry in training their AI or building their apps or what have you. And that's just about all I have for today. Thank you guys so much for coming. And I hope you have a lovely day here at Consensus 2045 in Hong Kong. Thank you. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you.