 My name is James Van Stratton, I'm the senior analyst at Coindesk and with me is Roger Hamilton. Roger could you just tell us a bit about yourself and Genius Group please? Sure, we are a Singapore based company, Genius Group is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, American. We are the only Asia based Bitcoin treasury company that is listed on the US exchange. And we started our Bitcoin journey three months ago when we announced that we were going to be buying Bitcoin, get to our first thousand Bitcoin and we are pretty much about half way there right now. Yeah, so I have had a keen interest in the Bitcoin treasury adoption. Recently I got announced as a strategy advisor to a UK public company as well to manage their Bitcoin treasury strategy. And it is interesting that this whole trend is starting, so it is not just in the US, UK but globally. So what is your take on US adoption from a treasury balance sheet and then just from a global point of view as well? Yeah, absolutely. So probably some of the audience knows that here in Hong Kong the first Bitcoin treasury company started this week, which is 1723. They announced they were going to have one Bitcoin that they were going to buy, which they bought. So one Bitcoin under $100,000 and their market cap went up by a billion Hong Kong dollars, over 100 million. It went up another 10% today. So why is it that Bitcoin treasury companies are seeing such massive growth in comparison to Bitcoin? I think we are going to get into why that is. We saw the same. Our volumes on the New York Stock Exchange were several million a day. On the day we announced our volumes went up to over 100 million shares traded. We tripled our share price and we have seen that again and again in different cities and countries because there is such an appetite for those that understand that this is much more than just buying Bitcoin. It is about creating an entire value layer for Bitcoin, which is going to give institutional investors as well as retail investors the ability to be betting on a team as well as the Bitcoin on maximizing this new digital economy. Yeah, I completely agree. And taking my personal experience with the UK, that the UK is starved for growth. Like our equities market is on a nominal basis since 2008 up 20%. If you adjust that for the M2 money supply we are down about 60%. So in an equities perspective, investors are starved for yield and getting Bitcoin as that hyper growth asset is like kind of supercharging everything. So when Microsoft actually initially started that playbook in 2020, they did that cash defensive position because inflation just started to take off. And then their stock started, I think they are a $1 billion market cap. They are now an $80 billion market cap. And he has used multiple capital raises in the past four years. So that's ATM share sales, so selling shares into the market, convertible bonds, preferred stock. And every single capital raise he has done, he has created new records. So the $42 billion plan in October of last year, biggest capital raise of all time. So that was $21 billion ATM, $21 billion convertible bonds. And it's just fascinating, I guess, as a CEO, just to see that another CEO has just absolutely transformed capital markets. Right, yeah. I mean, like if someone goes out and buys a dollar of Bitcoin today, they get a dollar of Bitcoin, right? If someone goes out and buys a dollar of Genius today, they get a dollar 50 of Bitcoin. And if the markets go where the analysts say it's going to go and Bitcoin does get to 200,000 this year, we're making $45 million of profit. For every dollar you put in, you're making a dollar 50 of profit this year and you still have the equity, right? And so, and we're going through a whole series of different investment vehicles, very similar, like you said, preferred shares. What can we do in terms of ATM? Genius has $150 million ATM we had approved. And we're looking at saying what's the M&A activity and things we could do to really make sure we're giving a shareholder return. Nothing is going to be Bitcoin. So actually building a Bitcoin treasury instead and then building what we believe is going to be not $200,000 Bitcoin, but we're the same as Eric Trump and many others at $1 million plus. If it was anywhere close to what Michael Saylor is saying, $13 million per Bitcoin, you take that against our 440 Bitcoin right now and you're talking about already a $440 million, and you take that in the millions, you're talking about already like a $440 million at a million. If it's at $10 million, you're talking about a $4 billion treasury that we have accumulated in three months that we just need to sit over the next five years and build a really solid business on top of that. And we're still basically, even without that solid business, you know, sitting on a multi-billion dollar reserve. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's fascinating to see that obviously Mike's actually implemented their playbook and then every other company has got to kind of do their own iteration, their own spin-off. So you've got MetaPlanet, can't do an ATM issuance, so they've had to find new and novel ways to do it. The UK market, we don't even have an options market, so we have to try and find new and novel ways to increase our Bitcoin treasury. And then you're seeing these new KPIs come in, so Bitcoin per share. So that becomes for an investor who doesn't want to get immediate dilution, and it's all about accretive dilution. So any time that any investor or the company dilutes the stock, you need to make sure that the Bitcoin is outpacing that dilution. And that's Bitcoin yield, right? Yes. So Michael Saylor came up with the idea of Bitcoin yield, which is the idea that as long as whatever you're doing to sell more stock or expand your capital base, the actual Bitcoin per share is going up, then you're doing the right thing, right? Yeah. Our Bitcoin per yield in Genius in Q4 was 1,700%, right? That was at the end of last year. But here's the most interesting thing, I think. If you're in this space, whether you're a CEO or whether you're an investor in one of these companies, everyone who's in it is small enough right now today, you've got a total of like 160 companies, public companies around the world that actually are owning Bitcoin right now today. If you go to BitcoinTreasuries.net, you'll see a running total of it. We all know each other. So Simon Gurevich, who runs MetaPlanet, he's going to be in New York next week for the Bitcoin Investor Week, which Anthony Pompliano is running. We're sponsoring that. We're going to be there with him. A lot of our strategy was coming off the back of what Simon and I have spoken about on what his experience was at MetaPlanet. When he started his, it's a Japanese company that was $15 million in market cap six months ago. They went from $15 million to $1.5 billion after they decided to go down this pathway. You know, if you look at the 1723, which is renamed from Hong Kong Asia Investments to Moon Inc. That's the new name of the company. The reason it went up by $100 million in market cap here in Hong Kong wasn't really about the one Bitcoin. That was kind of like just, you know, just a PR piece. It's the fact that the people behind that, Sora Ventures, are the same people that are behind MetaPlanet, right? They actually said to MetaPlanet, we'll give you cash for your hotel business if you invest in Bitcoin. They really understand that if as a public treasury, you are the gateway for institutions into exposure in Bitcoin. And they did it well in Japan. They're now behind the same company in Hong Kong. So we're going to see, I think, MetaPlanet starting up in Hong Kong as well. And another partner is David Bailey, who runs Bitcoin Magazine, runs the Bitcoin conferences. And again, in terms of like the ability to connect up with the right people and learn the very latest strategies, whatever you're hearing in the public as the latest strategies, what the CEOs are talking about are like six months down the line, right? So you're getting a view into the future of basically where the returns on Bitcoin are going to be or where companies are building value on top of Bitcoin. And I believe the same as what Michael Saylor says is, frankly, in the long run, there's only one thing that can outperform Bitcoin, which is Bitcoin with a value layer, which is a Bitcoin treasury company that has access to funds to do more than simply own the Bitcoin, but to grow the digital economy on top of it as well. Yeah, it was interesting you say that because on my announcement, our share price went up 40 percent and we had five million shares traded on that day. And Coincilium, they've IPO'd in 2015. So they were actually the first, essentially the first Bitcoin treasury company. And it was the most shares traded since they've IPO'd pretty much. And it shows that if you have the essentially, I don't know, the right team or the right strategy and you can execute it, it can be really profitable. But being in this space since 2017, I've never seen sustained demand like we've seen before. Right. So I did just a bit of research prior. And since the halving, which was on April 20th, 2024, the stat was there's been 137,700 Bitcoin that have been mined. And then if you include all the public treasuries that have acquired Bitcoin, so Mike Strachey, you guys, the miners, ETFs. And then you can then on on-chain analysis, you can look at short term and long term holders who are defined by anyone that's held Bitcoin for 155 days. That's actually totaled 449,491 Bitcoin. So that's over three times the mine supply. Right. So where we're getting Bitcoin at this $90,000, $100,000, and it won't correct more than 20% really this cycle, there is a sustained demand that's been bidding just below. So they're not really waiting for, they're not chasing the price, they're waiting for the price to come below. And it's price action that I have never seen before. Yeah. And the total, like you've got 21 million Bitcoin. You know, we use the example, same one that Michael Saylor talks quite a lot about in terms of Manhattan. You know, back in the 1700s, if you had land in Manhattan, think how much that would grow by. Manhattan actually is like 21 million square meters, right? So very similar to 21 million Bitcoin. There's only so much of it. And now over 3 million, about 15% of all Bitcoin is owned by these treasuries of which the, you know, like the sovereign funds are still just starting. But between the ETFs and the Bitcoin treasury companies, we're just talking about the stats there. You know, you're talking about like about, you know, a million on, or million point four on an ETF side, about six, 700,000 on the, on the treasury side. My prediction is we, by the end of this year, we're going to go from that 3 million to at least 6 million, at least doubling. The Bitcoin treasury companies will become more than the ETFs because the actual flows in have been on the ETFs. But you only get $1 Bitcoin for $1 of an ETF versus right now what's happening with the multiplier effect of a Bitcoin treasury company. So I think that as more and more innovation happens, as we're seeing, we're, we're an education company. So we have an education layer on top of Bitcoin. We are launching our Bitcoin treasury. We're sponsoring this stage. We, we have our booth over there as well. The first people who are in our Bitcoin academy is Safedino Mouss who wrote the Bitcoin standard. Yeah. And of course he says, look, people read the book, they, but where can they learn about this? So we're bringing his courseware onto our platform. We have Anthony Pompliano, Natalie Brunel, the top podcasters with all of their interviews also becoming these programs. The Bitcoin week, investor week next week, we have Cynthia Loomis who's there, who's like driving forward 20 plus states and the US government itself on Bitcoin treasury. You know, we have Vivek Ramaswamy, we have the likes of like Kathy Woods from, from ARK and all of the CEOs, similar meta planet, you know, all being there as well. We're taking all the best pieces of that and turning it into our courseware as well. And so of course, everyone who's interested in Bitcoin and Bitcoin treasuries, they're learning from us. We're making profit and revenues from that. And then we're then using that to then build more Bitcoin, right? And, and buy more Bitcoin. And so every different company has their own value layer. And I think you have yours as well with your UK company. I think it's really interesting to see how people are going to be making much more of a distinction on how they buy into Bitcoin. You want to buy direct and just custody it yourself? Or do you want to buy with someone who knows how to multiply the value of that Bitcoin through this digital economy? Yeah. The, the most interesting thing is the, Mike Strachey or the other public companies, all the Bitcoin they have is unencumbered. So there is no liquidation price. That's the most important thing. They have full optionality on their Bitcoin, meaning the strategy that will evolve. It's a bit like a land grab. You grab as much of it as you can. And then you look at, all right, how can I increase my revenue, my, which will turn into yield. I know that's a very dangerous word in this space, but if you can find that on a risk adjusted basis in dollar terms or in denominated in Bitcoin, that becomes a really, really powerful tool. So I think that will kind of be the next iteration once we get Bitcoin at a very, very serious valuation. I think you'll be able to dictate terms and start to lend out in very high multiples. Yeah. Well, here's the interesting thing as well. Whenever you have massive high growth from early adoption, there's a risk involved, right? Like if you were to invest in the top 10 AI companies today, knowing that in a couple of years, maybe eight out of the 10 will fail compared to the two that succeed. And there'll be other movers in as well. You're risking quite a bit if you're trying to invest in all of them by which ones might fail. If you have the top 10 Bitcoin treasury companies today in the next couple of years, if some don't do a good job of that Bitcoin, the Bitcoin doesn't disappear, right? Those companies will end up merging with the more successful companies, which means the risk to you of actually losing out is much, much less. Plus at the same time, you get the multiple. So if last year, MetaPlanet goes up 1700%, MicroStrategy goes up 600%. This year, how many hundred percent does it need to go up for you to say it makes more sense to buy in Bitcoin now? Like last week, for example, we had a day where our share price close to doubled, right? And again, this is happening in terms of the volatility of what can go up and down in terms of the ability to be actually participating and also learning from the very best entrepreneurial minds that are in these Bitcoin treasury companies right now. Perfect. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.