 all right we got a full house for justin's son so look we all know justin's son he's like the star of hong kong crypto but we don't know this guy right here zach who came all the way from the us to talk to us in hong kong so zach tell us about your crypto origin story and how you came about with world of the foundation and all that good stuff yeah so uh in terms of how i got into crypto i guess we kind of have to take it back before crypto um i went to law school and very quickly i realized i didn't want to be a lawyer good call yeah probably like within the first year or two i knew i didn't want to be a lawyer but i mean it was a great experience i learned a lot and uh was really interested in particularly in like real estate contract law stuff like that um and when i came out of law school i actually uh with my partner chase hero founded a digital advertising and customer acquisition business um we focused on marketing customer acquisition product sales and it was about 2016 when a really good friend of mine who's you know very much in the crypto space uh told me that i needed to read the ethereum white paper now prior to that i already knew about crypto because uh i had a lot of friends that were poker players and they used bitcoin to settle poker transactions um but like i'm not a big poker player myself so i didn't see the vision of like bitcoin as you know going to revolutionize the global uh financial system you know i didn't have that early vision and because i wasn't a poker player i didn't really dive into bitcoin it just wasn't that interesting but when i read the ethereum white paper and understood the power of being able to do business with people around the world in a trustless manner where two parties can work together without having to see each other face to face and best of all eliminate the attorneys yeah you know i we work with a lot of lawyers so you know don't get me wrong they're great people but uh i realized that this was going to revolutionize absolutely everything and so uh my partner chase and i basically went all in on ethereum nice but now fast forward to the current era your project holds ethereum of course but then also the second largest holding is trx so how did you like learn about tron and meet justin what's the story there well i mean i think everybody in crypto knows about tron i mean it's like you'd have to be living under a rock to know about not know about tron right i think uh you guys are the largest um stable coin minting chain of all time right i think there's more stable coins that exist on tron than anywhere else yes how much do you guys have now like 60 billion dollars yeah 62 billion 62 62 billion that's a lot of stable coins so it's really hard to not know about justin like even when i you know first got into crypto like i already respected justin as an og of the space you know probably probably one of the most influential people in the entire crypto sphere um so i mean i've known about justin for very very very long time yeah then how did you meet zach like what's your story here yeah so so basically uh i love the project you know world liberty five i think it's a great project focusing on bridge traditional finance with the crypto world um and that's what we need right since in the last like five years i think the whole industry has spent so much time like energy on uh building the crypto to mainstream so that's why when i first like heard about the project i i think it makes sense so um so we collaborate like very quickly right and and and until now yeah i think it's gonna go well cool cool so you guys had an ico zach uh last year and some people called that a failure of an ico but you had no vcs behind you it was all organic that's right was it a failure so i guess it depends on who you ask uh you know when we were launching this project it was a very heated time let's say and there was a lot of scrutiny on our project due to you know who's involved right and so we felt very confident and not just us our attorneys felt very confident that our governance token is a governance token it's a utility token the sole utility of the token is governance right and that governance was live on day one but for us the token sale was never really the goal of the project the goal of the project is as justin alluded to being able to create products that actually merge the traditional financial institution with decentralized finance and we're doing that through a whole range of products and applications that we're actually developing and we're going to be shipping so for us the whole idea was you know if this token sale doesn't go well it doesn't really matter to us for us it's a means to market the project get awareness and distribute governance throughout the crypto community so when we were looking at this we were like what's the worst possible outcome and the worst possible outcome was getting caught up in all of this lawfare and being you know political collateral right so we decided that even though our attorneys and everyone felt very comfortable that this was a utility token why don't we go ahead and just you know register and go with the reg d reg s offering kyc accredited investors inside the united states and just take a belts and suspenders approach because whether the token like sale is successful or not we don't want to get caught up debating whether this is a security not a security etc because the previous administration as everybody knows was very i wouldn't even say unfriendly they were anti-crypto so we didn't want to get caught up in a situation where you know these amazing products and partnerships that we've been working so hard to put together and really move the industry forward comes to a screeching halt before we even come out the gates for sure because you know back then it was so complex where the sec was going after everyone unfairly unfairly right but times have changed in the u.s with the trump administration they've taken a very proactive approach sure you guys you're a big beneficiary of that yeah so back to whether or not it was a success or a failure i think because we didn't have that vc uh you know capital behind us on day one um i also think that people were a little nervous to get involved with holding the token and buying the token um before the november 5th results were in because people didn't know what was actually going to happen and what the landscape was going to be so we set out to sell 300 million dollars of our token um which was 20 of the supply at a 1.5 billion valuation we heard everything from it's too high the valuation's too high to you know you well what's the point of doing this before november 5th whatever it is we heard it all but this guy right here saw what very few people saw which is regardless of the outcome this project itself is a monumental move forward for crypto and the entire industry in the community so once everything kind of fell in place and we got the support of justin and he came in and purchased a bunch of tokens in the public sale everything kind of snowballed from there and then not only did we sell the initial 300 million uh worth of tokens that we had set out to sell we opened an additional five percent at a five billion dollar valuation and that's almost sold out right now so that's going to sell out very shortly i would i would assume and uh when we do that we will be the fourth largest ico of all time and we managed to do that with no vc backing no special treatment to anybody who purchased the token and we did it with complete kyc and us accreditation in place yeah by by the rules by the book so even more even more than by the book there is a rumor out there that there was a deal with some companies for token swaps where they would pay and get a fee in response for promotion and that kind of stuff is that true or is that i've seen that going around uh the person who was going out and purporting to represent us is not connected with our company okay we never sent them out to do that we found out about it and it obviously caused confusion but no we haven't done any token swaps um to date oh and if you and to be honest the funny thing is because i've seen articles about it if you look on chain all of the tokens we hold whether it's tron or wrapped bitcoin ethereum chain link ave etc we bought on chain through a dex so it's you know i guess that's the beauty of blockchain it's all transparent where you can see this on the record on the ledger and you can just say don't believe my word for it you know check out on chain yeah very cool so moving over to tron so justin like tron right now was a big success story of last year trx is up like 75 percent beat solana beat ethereum like why is that like why is it doing so well yes sure totally um so first of all i think we focus so we have been focused quite long on stable coin development uh currently uh we are almost the number one uh stable coin network in terms of like transaction volume i think soon will be the the holding protocol for most of the stable coins and also um by doing that we are also focusing on d5 we build a justland protocol recently we launched a decentralized stable coin called usdd which is also um reach around 200 million dollars tvl and also of course we support our world liberty five we try to grow and the bridge the decentralized finance finance with uh the traditional finance all together um and also of course i think we also pay some attention to uh memes um nft developments and what happen uh in the crypto space like every day uh and also i want to chime in a little bit about the tokenomics on tron is also important actually tron is the only uh deflationary token among all the top 10 uh major crypto currency um bitcoin of course we know uh it's cut uh supply like every four years um by half uh but still bitcoin is uh inflation crypto uh and ethereum you know um um um probably be deflation for one or two days but most of the time is still uh inflation token uh if we look at like solana and other token the inflation rate is even way higher it's like 12 15 15 something uh tron is the only crypto if you check on the browser browser is is transparent there um it's two three percent uh deflationary every year so um a wild reason um is because of the network activities like everybody use it just like ethereum eip 1559 you know people bring the serum for the transaction so that's why the overall the network is well very healthy, you know, it's more demand rather than the supply and the people use it. And if you see the trunk K line, you will see especially for monthly K line. So you will see it's growing like basically every month. I think with a good rate rather than I don't like crypto, you know, to pump up like 10x, you know, today and 90% tomorrow, I think a stable growth, right? It's what everybody wants. That's also what you see what happened on Bitcoin. So that's also my vision for TRX. We want to do it like gradually, successful in the long run. Very cool. So you're right now at 64 billion of stable coins issued on chain. Yes. Where's the demand coming from? Like why are people using Tron for stable coins and not say Ethereum or Solana or what have you? Yes, totally. So first of all, I think Tron has become the default stable coin payment network for everybody. I think we have seen at least one to two billion dollars increase like every month on Tron about the supply of USDT. Actually, lots of people are seeing Tron basically as the default platform for stable transaction. For some of them get into the Tron protocol, have no idea about Ethereum, like Solana, even crypto in the first place. They just get the crypto payment, get stable coin payment. They thought it's just US dollar payment. So that's also something I think I'm proud of. You know, we create this kind of the user experience. People don't need to get to know about stable coin, get to know about Tether, get to know about Tron in the first place before they even using them. Yeah. Yeah, because, you know, if we want to evolve cryptocurrency, we have to get away from the very complex technology, right? Yes. The wallets, you know, people are nervous when they send a thousand USDT to do some long address. Yes. So I guess we have to work to like break down these barriers and make this UI UX boomer friendly, perhaps. Exactly. Yes. Yes. Grand-grandma friendly too. Grandma friendly. Yeah. All right. So like in the last few months, the US has changed a lot for crypto, where it used to be that Asia was the place you wanted to go to for crypto because they have a rule book here in Hong Kong and Singapore, wherever. But now the US is changing. Are you guys optimistic about the US? Do you see it as like the future home of all things crypto? Or is it like a multipolar world where you have multiple jurisdictions for crypto? Yes. For myself, I totally bullish on the regulation in the United States. I think like everything changed dramatically since last year. And we have seen lots of positive developments, I think, happening in the United States. Lots of crypto companies is moving back, you know, have their new branches in the United States. And also we have seen, right, our US has collaborated with Hong Kong, you know, on this kind of the crypto development. I think consensus, Coindesk is a great example. I think a year ago when I attended the Hong Kong, you know, crypto festival, I predicted it's going to be more international. We will see more international collaboration because at that time, Hong Kong crypto festival is more like native, you know, Asia-based, Chinese-based crypto festival. But this year, right, look at what we have developed, you know, everybody in the world have come to Hong Kong, you know, for the crypto conference. I think it's going to keep going. Like, and Hong Kong will be the center of the crypto in Asia, too. Okay, you think so? Zach, what do you think? Do you feel like pride where you can build at home without being worried about attorneys and the SEC and that kind of stuff? Well, I don't think it's that you don't have to worry about it. I think that what everybody in crypto has been asking for are just clear rules and regulations. So the thing is, is that it's very difficult to build a business when you don't understand what the rules and regulations are. Yeah. So I think what most people, most founders and most people in the community want to see is just a clearly defined set of rules and regulations that every single project can set out and know, okay, here's what we're allowed to do, here's what we're not allowed to do. Whereas in the past, what it's been is even companies that are taking extra safe precautions are still being treated as if they're doing something wrong, because there's no clarity and there's no guidelines or framework as to what actually is right and wrong. So I think that or I'm hopeful that we're going to start to get some of that and it becomes a place where founders and companies don't feel the need to move offshore, don't feel the need to go elsewhere and we can bring crypto back to the United States and make it, you know, the crypto capital of the planet. And we've already started to see that a lot of companies that have U.S. founders, like Justin was saying, are already starting to come back to the U.S. and be proud of the fact that they're U.S. based. For sure. Do you have like a wish list for crypto rules to change in the U.S., Zach or Justin? Like what do you want to see change the most? Like do you have, you know, the top three things you want to see happen? Yeah, I hope, you know, next like consensus event in New York, because I start to attend consensus event in New York, you know, back like in 2018. So it's seven years now. I think for my top wish list, I can attend the consensus in New York, probably in 10 year anniversary. We'll have Justin sign the keynote when we're back in the U.S. speaking there. Yes, yes. So going back to stable coins for a second, you know, there is a belief that Tron's a network of trouble for stable coins, you know, the bad stuff, drugs, guns, all that nonsense. Yes. But you guys have worked close with Tether and TRM Labs to build out a unit to like fight bad action and fight crime. Can you talk about that? Because we reported actually in CoinDesk that you guys hit $100 million of frozen funds with this group. Yes, totally. We are very open to the global law enforcement regulators to combat illicit activities. Actually, we are also one of the best in this area. I won't mention the competitor names, but actually we phrase most of the illicit funds. I think we've seen a few hours. It's got reported by other police, which is it's the golden time. It is important because the first 12 hours is the most like precious time. But the competitor got six months to react in any way. So that's why I think we have like a very robust team, which we're going to talk about that. I think in the next panel, we have the best data analysis company in the world, best stablecoin protocol company in the world. We guarantee, you know, the stablecoin and the crypto technology will only be used for the legal activities. So that's why I think we also get lots of like thank you letters from all government authorities around the world. So and they kind of like impressed by our reaction and the whole structure and put on the great help on their operations. So that's something I'm proud of and we will continue to invest and even build more team on that. I think we are not only going to prove we are the number one in the regulation or for the authority in crypto world, but also we want to make law enforcement authorities believe we are actually doing better job for standard charter, you know, HSBC, those big traditional banks. Yeah, because like it's one thing for us to talk about crypto and on-chain data, but to get like some judge or some cop to understand how this whole thing works. That's the missing key, which you guys, I think, are doing quite well with TRM Labs. Yes, yes, totally. For lots of government authorities, it's hard for them to understand crypto in the first place. And then when they find out something goes wrong, the money is in the hands of the bad actor. So so that's why we we want to shorten those time period. Right. To to make sure the money gets back. Right. And and and and the authority get educated and they will next time that they will do it faster, you know, to make sure crypto is the same with in terms of, you know, safety, in terms of the regulation friendly, similar to the banks. So that's also like a very important. I think what we do here and the collaborate with the law enforcement like globally to make sure it happen. Do you think that's the biggest barrier to adoption is that law enforcement still doesn't trust crypto? Like, is there other things as well for that? Yeah. Yeah. Besides user experience. Right. Definitely. I believe this is also one of the key here. Right. Hopefully, like one day we will see, you know, US government even trust their money with cryptocurrency. Right. Right now, I think they only have cryptocurrency because they confiscated from like other bad actors. Right. But US government didn't really pull their own money into cryptocurrency more. I think other government, I think, have a similar situation. But we want to make sure it is safe, user experience, easy to understand. And eventually government can trust crypto with their own money. Right. So you think one day we'll have the Fed owning Bitcoin alongside dollars and gold maybe? Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Exactly. What do you think? We have that reserve of Bitcoin in the US? I mean, it sounds good to me. Yeah. It sounds good to me. Okay. So one of the big themes, you know, this year has been, you know, meme tokens, right? We have meme tokens about politics, about jokes, all that kind of stuff. Do you think, do you guys think that memes are like the future of crypto or are they like one part of the broader ecosystem? Yeah, sure. I definitely believe meme is the future of crypto. But I recently, right, we have seen, right, some like meme token has go down like dramatically. I think one of the reason is you need to do meme token in the right way. Right. So we cannot do like meme token like PVP, you know, like a rug pool, you know, the crypto trading. You know, the crypto traders back then, you know, for example, today, you know, you've seen some of the meme coin launch on the platform. It's got like super high valuation at first when they launch, you know, price go down. You know, it's just similar to like VC coins. Right. So back then, you know, when I first know about PEEP, you know, like Shiba, you know, like, like Dogecoin. It is trading by the community for quite a long time. And without like anyone take it like seriously in the first place. I remember like when I buy like Dogecoin in the exchange and in the Reddit, I saw those Reddit posts, you know, like Dogecoin. First of all, the value is almost zero and nobody take it seriously. Right. I think that's the best way, you know, to launch a meme coin. You know, today, I think lots of meme coins try to make the investor on the day one to believe, oh, this is something way more than meme coin. It's not just a joke. It's something big like Bitcoin. Right. I think actually they are doing the opposite. Right. Because when I find out the best meme coin of all time when they first launch, people see it as a joke. And then after that, for quite a long time, people find out, oh, it's actually more than a joke. Yeah. And something else, you know, this is kind of when I see the best meme coin in the world, like how it evolves, you know, how it get famous. Rather than like most of the meme coin we've seen in the market today, you know, high market cap launch and then, you know, go zero. Like everybody lose their confidence on the token. That's also a problem with VC tokens because the VC comes in, they pump it up and then they dump it all over. And then they dump it on retail. And for World Liberty, you guys ignored VCs pretty much. You went just with, you know, investors. Well, no, to be fair, VCs ignored us. And so we took a very anti-VC approach when we realized that they wanted nothing to do with us. And we realized that we want nothing to do with them. And it actually led to a much better result because what turned out was basically a fair launch, right? Yeah. Where every single person there's. So I'm sure that there are VCs that purchased, but they did it through the public sale. Sure. And I don't know who they are, but I'm sure they exist, right? There's only one VC fund that I know that purchased it and they purchased it at the 1.5 billion valuation and then came back and bought more at the 5 billion valuation. Yeah. They bought sizable amounts at both. Okay. So they, they didn't get a discount. They didn't even ask for a discount. And so in my mind, the problem with VCs are not that they don't have a place in the industry, but it's that the majority of them are predatory. Okay. They want to come in, they want to get something for less than anybody else can get it for. And then they want to use the public and retail as exit liquidity so that they can make their money and move on to the next thing. And that's just not what crypto is about. Crypto is about giving everybody access to the same information, the same opportunities, et cetera. And if you're going to allow a VC to come in and get something that's not available to anybody else, it's almost very anti-crypto in my opinion. Sure. So why do you think that VCs ignored you? Was it the Trump connection or something else or what? I think a lot of them didn't like, weren't willing to do what Justin did, which was take a risk. Yeah. You know, I mean, they don't want it. The funny thing is like, you think about a VC and you think, oh, they risk capital, but they really don't. That's the exact opposite, right? Like VCs are not out there like, you know, taking any risks. What they want to do is they want to engineer everything so that they win. And even if it's at the expense of somebody else. And then you change them to Etsy, right? Like venture capital become secure capital. Right. You think that with venture capital, they would expect some losses and some risk, but it seems like they want a safe investment like a real estate in some way. They want a guaranteed 10 X, you know, or like, and it's just, that's not what crypto is about. Yeah. It seems like also a way for people to lose confidence in crypto. If they think that some elite in Wall Street will just, you know, rig the whole mechanism. Well, they're not wrong. That's what's happened for a long time. And so, you know, our whole thing is like, we want to make ICOs great again. You know, like I remember back in the day, like ICOs were good. People were able to get involved in projects and, you know, everyone had access to the same thing. And that's just not what we've seen in the last few years. I think actually if you were to have to bought the top ICO tokens during the boom era of 2017, right now you'd be up a lot. Right. You would have beat everyone else on that. But ICOs were like the bad thing for the markets. Yeah. Well, I think also part of that was because there wasn't a lot of regulation and, you know, people were making promises that they shouldn't have been making and stuff like that. So, again, that was a big piece of what we did at World Liberty was make sure that not only did we feel like we fit into the existing regulatory framework, but we took a belts and suspenders approach by going even further. And, you know, one of the criticisms that we got, especially in the U.S. from investors or retail, was like, oh, this is only for the elites because I'm not an accredited investor. I don't meet the standard I can't buy. And it's like, well, if you think about it, that's not to keep people from not having an opportunity. It's to keep people from taking undue risk that they can't take the burden of. And you see that going back to your previous question about meme coins, how many people are on Twitter right now complaining that they lost their life savings on a meme coin that got rugged? It's like, look, you know, I'm not going to give someone financial advice, but I think it's pretty stupid to risk your entire life savings on a meme coin. Right. So that's why I think that what we did, like, while it seems a little restrictive at the same time, it's actually in the benefit of the entire population in general. That's what the SEC is there for is to protect investors. And there is a point to some rules where you don't want a laissez-faire environment. You want some rules, but smart rules. Exactly. Fair rules that make sense by people that understand the industry and then apply those rules and regulations uniformly to everybody. That's what's important. Okay, for sure. To wrap things up. So what's next for you guys? What's your plan for this year? Yeah. So as we move away from the token sale and we conclude that, the next thing is to start focusing on what the true goal of World Liberty Financial is, which is to build products that actually bridge traditional finance with decentralized finance. And so you're going to see all of the projects and all of the products that we've actually been working very hard on behind the scenes start to come out over the next few weeks in the next few months. And I think everybody who took a wait and see approach is going to be very unhappy that they didn't support from day one. Okay. Good to know. Justin, what about you guys? What's next for you? Yeah, we launched USDD a few weeks ago. It's grown to $200 million. I'm sorry, $200 million. I speak for my dream members. That would be a massive table coin if it was that one. Yes. So $200 million. You know, we will continue to build that. I think our target will be double the market cap, I think, very soon. We want to collaborate with all the exchanges. Right now we provide like very high yield, I think around 20%. We will close monitor on that, you know, to see like how it benefits our community. And also besides that, I think this year we also have an AI product we're going to launch very soon. You know, it's a deep seek base, you know, large language mode. We will launch like quite soon. I think in Q2 or something as well. Share more about that right now? Yeah, sure. Totally. So we just, because right now the AI mode has become transparency, you know, and everybody can check the call. You know, build on that. It's actually kind of like remind me of something back to ISO stage. You know, I ever seen start to become like open source. You know, you can, you can check on them develop on your own, you know. Yeah. Everybody can have it on blockchain, you know, at that time. Yeah, I think AI have similar effects. So that's why we are launching AI protocol. I think powered by Tron protocol as well. You know, you can basically pay with stable coin on Tron network to get your own AI mode. I think that's something we're going to launch like very soon. I still believe AI block plus blockchain. The combination will be very powerful. Okay. So that's your big focus for this next coming year. AI plus blockchain. Yes. Yes. Totally. Very cool. Well, guys, that was great. Thanks for your time. Of course. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you everybody.