 All right. Good to see everyone. It's always good to be back in Hong Kong as someone who was born here, spent quite a bit of time here. And I also want to give a shout-out to ConsenSys, to Coindesk, to Bullish for putting this together and putting ConsenSys here in Hong Kong. It's a really terrific event. So I'm going to give you the punchline. The first punchline is 56 billion. 56 billion is currently the market cap of USDC. It is an all-time high that we hit about a week or so ago, and it's what everyone seems to be talking about. But 56 billion masks what is really happening behind the scenes with USDC, with stablecoins, and with the partners that we've been working with all around the world, including the ones here in Hong Kong. 56 billion is just the total market capitalization of USDC globally. But did you know that there are now over $23 trillion worth of on-chain transaction that's been done using USDC? This is different from where we were two, three years ago in the last cycle. USDC is also on more chains than ever. We're now on 18 chains globally, and we're being used across 100-plus countries around the world. Today, there are nearly 4 million wallets around the world that actually hold and use USDC. So 56 billion tends to be what people think about, but to build a real stablecoin business, it's about all the other aspects, the other metrics that we think about every day as a team. Now, what makes 56 billion possible? USDC is a digital dollar on the Internet, and there are two important aspects about it. The first aspect, it's around dollar stability. And first and foremost, I want to know, and as you probably know, that we are the largest regulated dollar in the world. We're regulated by regulators in the U.S., in Singapore, in Europe, and soon other places as well. We are backed one-to-one with reserves that are being held in institutions like BlackRock, as well as financial institutions, GSIPS, around the world. That gives our users, our developers, the trust that they need when they use USDC. The other piece is probably the most obvious to most folks here in this room, because you're here at ConsenSys, and that's the blockchain efficiency. And that's the ability to have dollars that settle 24-7 at near instant rates. There are fewer intermediaries that move between you and who you're sending your money to, and there'll be lower costs when you send that money. These two together is actually what makes USDC unique. Another way to think about it is that we're building the payments protocol for the Internet. And as we think about that, this is really not just a conversation around USDC. This is really a conversation on a broader stablecoin network. Many people actually come up to us and ask, why don't you launch Hong Kong dollar stablecoin or XYZ stablecoin? Stablecoins in various different currencies. Now, we believe that the world eventually will move in that direction. We specialize in the largest regulated dollar stablecoin, and we also issue the euro stablecoin, EURC. But what we expect to see is actually many more stablecoins in different denominations to pop up all around the world. And we expect all of these stablecoins to be built up to the right standards and be able to operate on open blockchains permissionlessly. And that's actually the future of what the stablecoin network will look like. One common question that I get, and many of you probably get, is what are stablecoins used for? We actually heard some of it throughout the day from the panelists earlier, which is terrific. But I do want to just highlight a couple of buckets where USDC is being used. And I put them in general in three large buckets. The first one is around digital assets and the capital markets around that. The second piece is consumer payment solutions. And then the third piece is around cross-border payments. And let me dive into a couple of those and then do a little case study around the cross-border payments piece. On the digital asset side, this is where most of the stablecoin adoption started, where on the digital trading, there was a need for settlement 24-7. As traders, market makers, others, needed to be able to get in and out of positions, whether it's Bitcoin, Ethereum, Sol, or other type of various tokens. They needed a way to settle those trades real time and immediately. So stablecoin was actually born out of that. And there, we're working with a number of partners. A couple of those are highlighted. That includes Binance, DRW, Bison Digital, and there are many, many others as well, where we're working with them to enable the usage of USDC to help them as well as their partners to be able to settle and trade with USDC. The second bucket is actually quite interesting. The second bucket is probably where most of you didn't think existed or people who are not in the industry didn't think existed. And there, we actually have many different examples. Some of these Hong Kong-based companies that are using Web3 solutions to go through their digital transformation and move to the next phase of finance. These are companies like Hong Kong Telecom, REAP, these are companies all based here, as well as global companies like MasterCard, Visa, that are using USDC for settlement within their network. And then we have companies in more emerging markets, such as Nubank or Grab, that are using our Web3-related services and are using USDC as a way to provide dollar savings, dollar holdings for their users. Most recently, we also announced a partnership in the Middle East with Lulu, and we're looking forward to working with them to enable USDC use through their users. But what we've seen in all of these use cases is that these are companies who are either telcos or Web2 wallets, fintechs in the last generation, that are actually upgrading and moving to the next phase. And they're doing this both through various Web3 services, technologies that enable them to build on blockchains, as well as use stablecoins on their network. And most people focus on the first piece, or the last piece, which is the use of USDC, but they forget that many of these corporates, large enterprises, need help to actually get to that next phase. They need technology solutions, they need consultants, they need builders to be able to help make that transition. For some of the folks in the room, you're familiar of building on blockchains. For some of these enterprises, it's actually quite hard. They do not have the talent, they don't have the controls in place, they may not have compliance built in in the first place. So what we're doing is actually providing some technology services that help these companies make that transition. We help abstract away some of those blockchain complexities on how you build, how you get to finality, how you think of compliance, how you address travel rule, all of those things that are really important in the movement of value, we abstract that into APIs that these companies in the middle are using. And they're building this for millions of users around the world. Lastly, I want to talk about cross-border payments. This is probably one of the most exciting parts for the use of stablecoin. I'm going to start with MoneyGram because MoneyGram is an old school business. You wouldn't think an old remittance company would be moving and using stablecoins. But they are, and they're actually doing this in places that are probably the highest impact. We have a partnership with MoneyGram, together with Stellar, and the UNHCR, the UN High Commission on Refugees, that actually provides aid, dollars, to Ukrainian refugees that are going through the war there. And they're able to receive aid directly from the UN and be able to send and use those money on the network, on Stellar, and then be able to off-ramp at any MoneyGram location around the world. They can show up at a MoneyGram in Ukraine. They can show up at a MoneyGram in France. They can show up at a MoneyGram here in Hong Kong and be able to convert the USDC into local currency and be able to spend it in real world. And that's actually really important. Second piece, and I don't need to dive into this, is Stripe. Everyone has been talking about the Stripe acquisition of Bridge that was really the shot heard around the world around the use of stablecoin to help companies like Stripe, but really their partners, their merchants, to be able to accept payments anywhere in the world with USDC, with stablecoin, and then be able to send it and pay out to all of their merchants around the world that depend on that money for working capital and to pay their suppliers and to be able to pay for goods. Lastly, I want to dive into Tunes. We announced a partnership with Tunes last October, so just a couple months ago, which I believe was quite transformative in thinking about and having a great use case of how USDC and stablecoins are being used to enable faster commerce and faster payments. Tunes is a B2B company that moves money for many of the remittance companies around the world as well as payment companies around the world. Their network includes Grab, Deliveroo, it includes Remitly, MoneyGram, Western Union. You don't hear about them because they work on the background, but what they provide is the ability to do instant payouts all around the world across 100-some countries, dollars or local fiats into whatever the local payment form would be, directly into bank accounts or into wallets that are being used like GCash by local users. They came to us with a question. They are providing a lot of this through pre-funding at the edge of the network and on weekends in particular, but really throughout the week, it's really hard to move money from the west to the east. Every day, they have to think about and plan their timing to move funds in New York with a large bank that have been debanking some of the crypto companies that are coming back, but you know who it is. They have to move money there by 4 or 4.30 in order for it to get to Asia T plus 2, two days later. And that's a particular problem on weekends where when they move money on a Friday, it's already Saturday in Asia. And that money actually doesn't arrive until Monday at the soonest, if not Tuesday. And all of that is actually working capital costs for them and or for their partners. They're also moving money from around the world over to Africa. And that settlement time can go up to T plus 5. So what they did is they came to us and they said, hey, there's this thing called stable coin. You can settle immediately. Why don't we use it in our treasury to be able to move funds around the world? So that was exactly the partnership. They're now using USDC and settling millions of dollars a day using USDC all around the world to many of the emerging markets in Southeast Asia as well as markets in Africa and other places. But they went a step further. They realized that for some of the payers into the system, they were having pre-funding problems. So now they're talking with a lot of companies who have started to turn on to fund them using USDC. So we now have two sides of the lake where the payers are minting USDC in the US or in Europe, be able to send it directly to them and then they're able to move that money over to Asia near instant and then be able to pay out in local fiat wherever they are. This 24-7 settlement is really changing how they're operating, how efficient they can be, lowering their capital costs. More importantly, it's increasing some of the quality of service for the end customers, especially those in emerging markets. What's ahead? First and foremost, as the last panel had talked about, regulations are changing. It's impossible in the last couple months to talk about regulation without what's going on in the US. And for those of you who have been watching, now there are bills in Congress around stable coins explicitly. And if the AI and crypto czar manages to deliver on the promise, there should be a stable coin bill before the president's desk within the first 100 days of the administration. That will set probably a pretty clear standard in terms of what a well-regulated stable coin would look like. And it's going to have a great impact not just in the United States, but really around the world. The US is actually behind here. Some of the other jurisdictions have been implementing or working through regulations. In Europe, they've been working on something called Mika, which came into effect actually in July 1st, 2024. Circle was the first global issuer that was able to come into compliance with Mika and were able to issue both USDC as well as EURC, our Eurostable coin, in that framework. And many of the virtual asset providers, or they call them crypto asset service providers, came into compliance at the end of last year. We started seeing exchanges delisting stable coins that were not Mika compliant and moving their treasury and other things into compliant stable coins. And that's the direction that we expect to see. We heard earlier, a couple panels ago, the CEO of Vara. There in the Middle East, there are regulations coming into place as well on stable coins. We actually announced that we're setting up an office in Abu Dhabi. Closer to home, I'll start with Japan. Japan has a stable coin law in effect, and the FSA has actually published guidelines for what a well-regulated stable coin will look like. And stay tuned, you'll be hearing from us soon about what will happen in Japan. And then it's important to also talk about Hong Kong. Hong Kong is working through its legislation for stable coin. The regulators here actually have a couple months lead time in putting that into place. They're working hard down the street over at Letchco to work through the details of that stable coin bill. And it's a terrific bill that actually sets a high standard of what a well-regulated stable coin will look like. And there's similarities in terms of how they've set that up with the U.S. framework and with the Japan framework and with the European framework. So what we're seeing actually is that you can call it coordination, but at least a matching of high standards all around the world in terms of how stable coins will be regulated and what sort of stable coins will be interoperable across different jurisdictions. And that's really important as you think about the businesses that you'll build and the medium of exchange that you'll be able to use on your network. Last but not least, and I'll close with this slide, we're just getting started. Those use cases that I talked about are the ones that we're seeing today. As regulation come into place, as the enterprises build their Web3 wallets, build their platforms, we expect to see more settlement and more transactions happening on-chain. This will include companies that are either small, medium, or large holding their treasuries with stable coins on-chain because it's faster to move them across jurisdiction than it was with banking. They're able to then use these stable coins to move into investments as they need and to be able to move out of these investments like tokenized money market funds 24-7. We're going to see more on-chain payments. We're just getting started. We have these partners all around the world that are receiving and sending with USDC. As the regulation becomes clear and as more partners come into the network, we're going to see more of these transactions because it's faster and cheaper and more dependable. As we see the stable coin network build, we expect more stable coins in different jurisdictions and different currencies. We're going to see on-chain FX. We're going to rewrite how foreign exchange will be done. We're going to see on-chain credit. We're already talking with companies that are rethinking trade financing that they're able to underwrite those loans on-chain and to be able to back those loans using USDC and be able to pay back their investors in USDC. All of this is happening and I'm most excited about the work on AI. It's impossible to not talk about AI. And what's really interesting about AI is that these agents are getting smarter and smarter by the day. They're going to be negotiating with one another digitally and oftentimes they'll have to settle whatever they negotiated in value. And it would be really silly for AI agents to send an email to accounts payable to make a bank payment. Most likely, they'll be doing that settlement on-chain and they'll be using stablecoins to do so that are traceable with smart contracts in place and different conditions around it. So I'm super excited for what is to come. I'm super excited to be part of the Open Money Summit. Thank you so much. and pistols. Thank you so much for coming to us. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Thank you.