 I'm Tira Gray, Managing Director of CoinDesk Events, and it's truly a pleasure to welcome you and our very first session, which could not be more appropriate to start the day with, from Wall Street to crypto. We have three esteemed Wall Street veterans joining us today for this opening session. It is my pleasure to welcome them to the stage. Good morning, gentlemen. You can hear me okay? Yes. We've been running with our jet lag, and we're going to try to take this down as articulately as we can under the sleep-deprived circumstances. So you all had a tremendous career on traditional Wall Street before pivoting into crypto, and I thought it would be really fun for the audience to kind of hear what was your aha moment. So Mike, let's start with you. Lifelong career on global market infrastructure. It makes sense that the market structure potential of crypto would be an obvious opportunity. What was your moment? Where did you see this future? Yeah, it came over time. I think it's fair to say I saw fragmentation for my entire life. And when you start scaling a proposition in financial markets, you naturally hit boundaries on how you can bring a product, an idea to the next region, to the next markets, and how to embrace the next group of clients. And my pivotal moment was when I really understood the impact of technology on where the planet is going in terms of computational power connectivity, and realizing how important liquidity is in driving sentiment into the right direction and driving adoption. So it came over a few years that I realized, okay, there is a big opportunity, equally slash challenge to get this right. and to really gain a global perspective on how financial markets could look like in the future. Terrific. So I'm going to go to your class. Cajimo Feroilández. in the future. Terrific. Fabio, I'm going to go to you next. You ran Abraxas for, founded Abraxas. 16 years in, you had a moment thinking, wait, we need to pivot to digital assets. How did this happen? Thank you for the question because you know already the answer. For me, instead of over time, it was just one day. One day I was on a plane from Milan to London and I had an EasyJet magazine in front of me. And apologies for what I'm saying, but there was a beautiful picture of a very nice girl actually. And I was looking at the picture and then I saw Ethereum Foundation. So I started to read the article and on that basis actually I got involved in finance. Sorry, finance in crypto. That was my moment. Then as soon as I landed, that afternoon I met a guy that was doing arbitrage on sterling euro between two exchanges. And I was faber-glassed by the spread. I used to be working with less than a basis point spread on the swap market and the guy was talking about percentage points. And that was back in 2017, early 2017. And then, yeah, in the evening I was out for dinner with somebody else. I was involved again in crypto and in the night I couldn't sleep. So the morning after I started to study the crypto market. So that was my moment. Serendipity played a role, it sounds like. Yes, correct. Gautam, you covered fintech investing your whole career. So I certainly think that that experience lent itself to this, but could you define what was the moment that it all clicked for you? Yeah, sure. So I come from a web to tech investing background prior to getting into crypto. For me, it happened in two stages. Stage one was one of my very close friends wanted to start a company where you start to match resume to people's profile on LinkedIn, but couldn't do it and failed because couldn't access the database of LinkedIn. It was restricted. So when he got into Ethereum, he introduced that concept to me. And I found it very powerful that you can have like open databases to access and then people can build on each other's work. So that was fascinating. And I think stage two was generally if you look at most of the web two companies, a lot of value accrues based on network effects. So whether it's Facebook, Google and others. And when I learned about the process of how you transfer ownership to users, and then on the back of it, you build a network. So the power of network effects, I could see it play out in this new tech stack. So that was another kind of aha moment for me. When I combined those two, it was very clear to me that, you know, we need to take technology from just putting lipstick fintech versus really reinventing the tech stack for financial services. And making it, I think it ultimately, we're not there yet, more accessible for all users. Exactly. And not this esoteric asset class. So let's go backwards now. I'll start with you again, Gautam. I would love to know where, let's start with the positive. What are the frictions in today's market that we are unanimously agreeing that crypto does solve for? And then we're going to obviously go to the other side of that. Where is it not succeeded yet? But let's start with the positive. So I run Brevenhauer Digital, which is a crypto asset management platform. This is a 24-7 asset class. You need to be able to move assets from dollars into crypto and out of that, literally weekends, weekdays, all the time. I think that is a new concept, if you will, for traditional finance. In fact, sometimes we run across this problem where we still have to interact with traditional finance institutions. And sometimes you have trouble on weekends to move from traditional rails to crypto rails, right? So I think that's kind of a big shift that's happened with crypto, where it's 24-7 and accessible to anyone at any point in time. I do agree. The big shift is really like this idea that it never stops. So it's trading all the time. It is fascinating from a certain point of view. It's challenging as well. As he was saying, when you have a mismatch, especially if you are involved, like we are involved as well at Abrax and ACACC curve between moving assets from traditional, so the banking system into the crypto and out all the time because our strategy is based on arbitrage. And sometimes it's quite challenging. It's quite challenging. So you have to be creative as well and to find ways on accommodating this big difference. But it's fascinating. When you get involved, you cannot get enough, I have to say. And Mike? Yeah. So moving assets and moving liquidity is music to my market-making ears. So our mission really is in making that a reality. And I think what's increasingly clear to us is that the asset pool will significantly increase over the next five, ten years. So then we come back to what are the use cases in DeFi and digital assets that really attract and accelerate institutional adoption and then down the road also in retail adoption. And I feel one key element for us as a market maker and liquidity provider is getting this right technologically. And this hopefully creates not just resilience but also trust and confidence. And this is then in my mind the key to the door which you need to make wide open to really bring regulators in big institutional players that trust the system and also understand the benefits of what we claim will be the future coexistence between TreadFi and digital assets and DeFi. And we are not there yet. And we are also not there yet as we are basically embracing a bunch of use cases where question mark could be put on how does that work out from a synergy perspective and how do we want to bring that to the next level. I feel this is also about transparency and alignment. And then next to that I talked about the technological side. If you just embrace the idea that computational power will increase significantly over the next five to ten years, the next five to ten years, then you are a bit back in a big data game because with digitization the planet will earn and get more data and that feeds them back into risk allocation models. And if you believe in it, I think the road into driving better decisions should be there. And what I learned from the TreadFi side is if that is true, then you will have a significant impulse in terms of volume increases. So I'm dreaming a bit about getting this technological layer right, creating interoperability and connectivity and then go from there. It's amazing to hear big data starting to come back again. I thought that was dead about seven years ago and here we are back to big data. We've recreated it in a different shape. We've also recreated how risk and return works in this space. And I think this is a really important thing for retail investors to understand and anyone who's looking this space. We can't use traditional risk return models, I don't think. And I'm going to let you guys tell us if that's the case. But I would like to know specifically what should we be maintaining from traditional finance and how we look at risk and return? And then where should we be shifting to a new lens? What part of the market? So let's go backwards. Mike, I'll go back to you. Yeah, so I'm a big supporter of getting risk right. And when I just see how we build our crypto and digital assets business at Flow Traders, we very much focused on building an end-to-end control layer. And what we realized is this is not by taking what you build from an infrastructure perspective on the TreadFi side and just tweaking it a bit. So you just need to go back to a 24-7 mindset. How do you operate markets around the world non-stop? And how do you treat risk internally? And this is not just about risk allocation. It's really about market risk and counterparty risk and credit risk. So if you put that all together, you just need a very high functioning machine in order to get that right. But once it's there, right, you embrace really the benefits of digital assets adoption. And that's a bit the way where I hope the planet will go. Davio? Yeah, I agree. And also I would add, like, for us, when we do arbitrage, the counterparty risk is the most important one. You have to think that whatever is very traditional finance, you can apply, obviously, on the crypto ecosystem. But, you know, because the crypto ecosystem is still an unregulated, you know, bunch of operators and players around, actually, is actually, I mean, the people here are probably all regulated, actually, but the one on the other side are not. So, you know, counterparty risk, credit risk is very, very important. At the same time, you know, like in our business specifically, we really use trust test because there are some idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, actually, cities of a crypto ecosystem, like, that it does not really operate exactly as a traditional finance. Like, the tweet he was talking about, for me, I'll just make an example, is like, perpetual futures, initial margin. I mean, initial margin in traditional finance, you don't lose them when you get stopped. In, actually, in crypto market, you do. You lose the variation and the one. So if you're involved in business trading, this kind of activity, it's very, very important to, you know, to simulate stress testing scenario, having all the possibilities in front of you, and that is a bit challenging. But, yeah, it can be done. I mean, if you're done properly, it is quite, it's quite rewarding, I would say. And Gautam, how do you have to say to that? Look, we, we see risk management as not very dissimilar from traditional finance, in the sense that if you think of the various forms of risk, right, there's market risk, there's credit risk, there's counterparty risk, there's technology risk. All these risks exist in crypto as well. It's just the extent is quite different versus traditional finance. So in traditional finance, you don't think about counterparty risk as much, right? So you're trading with the likes of Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley here, you're literally pre-funding exchanges. You have to think about exchanges, you know, the risks that associate with, like, putting assets on exchanges. So that's kind of one risk. The second risk, which is different, is really the technology risk, right? Smart contract risk. So if you're providing liquidity to liquidity pools, you have to think about those risks. So that's different. Having said that, there are a lot of principles that we still use from traditional finance, especially as it relates to market risk. So one of the things we focus a lot on structuring trades with a risk reward framework that's attractive. And the concepts are very similar, right? So you will look for option structures. And to be honest, option markets is pretty deep now, across Bitcoin and ETH especially, right? So use some of those concepts there. In addition to that, you also look at risk reward, even when you invest in early stage projects or so-called venture projects, but they tend to be liquid. So in a way, those are almost like options where you effectively invest at a lower valuation and expect, you know, multiples return, but you can potentially lose half of that. So some of those market risk principles are still applicable even in crypto. Do you feel like that we are creating, I mean, obviously, I know how this solves everything, and it certainly hits on a lot of traditional pain points that we had on Wall Street for many, many years. But it does feel like at times we're creating a new ecosystem that's going to come with a whole new vulnerability and it's not covered enough, particularly I'm thinking for the end user here and the retail investor. To be fair and honest, you're like, where is the new risk that if you were advising someone new to look at the space who's investing in it, what is the new risk that we are creating? And it might be solved in the near future. But what is it right now? Look, the biggest shift, if you will, is the fact that crypto and digital assets is all about no intermediary, right? That's kind of the end goal or let's say the ideal answer. Here in traditional finance, you are always dependent on an intermediary, whether it's a prime broker or a bank. So you can pinpoint any kind of issue and pass on the risk to that counterparty. Here, you know, it's all algorithm. It's all technology. So some of those risks you have to manage yourself and you can't really outsource some of that risk. So the capabilities that you need to build in-house is different from that perspective. So the role of technology in risk management, I would say, is far higher in crypto versus traditional finance. Yeah, I agree entirely. On top of that, I mean, from a point of view of a retailer that actually gets involved in it, sometimes it is for granted, actually, that on the other side there is somebody that is a good actor. And here, unfortunately, it is sometimes it's not actually. So, you know, the kind of knowledge you need to have properly, you know, the checks that you need to make. I'm just thinking about DeFi specifically, like, you know, a smart contract risk if it's been audit, not audit. So these are concepts that normal people don't really know what we are talking about. So they actually log in, they think is safe, and they trade without really thinking too much. They think that on the other side, you have, I don't know, the same as the normal traditional finance, but it's not. It's not because everybody can actually create a protocol, put it on a blockchain, they just create a smart contract, and, you know, and maybe you have a back door to take all the money out. So there is massive risk there. And, you know, we are still, you know, eventually, we're going to get better, because good actor, obviously, we're going to be pushed out and the good and the good one, we're going to stay, we're going to get bigger, we're going to attract liquidity, people like Mike will help them actually to get more liquidity. And eventually, you know, like people will just trade on base, and we just leave the other one apart. And I think everyone thinks, oh, crypto is going to come in, and it's trustless and permissionless, and it's fixing everything for me, and I don't need to learn anything, I can just start doing it. At the end of the day, you're still an investor, it's up to you to do your own research. There's always risk when you're making an investment into any asset class, let alone a brand new one. I want to read you guys a quote that I read last week. It's a CIO of a very large US pension fund. I was surprised by this. He said blatantly in an interview, quote, he did not see cryptocurrency as an institutionally investable asset class, because it's low adoption among his peers and allocators, I would argue, that's the wrong way to think about that. But I do think he is touching on something, despite the enthusiasm, particularly the tailwinds that we're seeing right now post US election, the institutional investors are not here. And to be fair, I want to make sure we're all on the same page with that term. Pension funds, endowments, foundations, sovereign wealth funds, they are not here yet. What is it going to take? When is this moment going to happen? What needs to evolve? And I'm going to start with you, Mike. Yeah, I mean, the entire dynamic around how do you need to look into the global asset pool? How do you find yields? I think the bridge mentally into embracing digital assets is a very unique opportunity to increase the size of the global asset pool by trillions of US dollars. And then I come down to what you said on how do we create trust credibility. So the way we look at it, providing end to end liquidity in a very reliable fashion, and also as a regulated house, very much in line with global regulation, I think that is the key thing to get right. But I also would like to just add, if you look into cryptocurrencies in isolation, this is not doing the trick in order to get it right. So I mean, there are figures out there indicating that by 2030, the global tokenization, a tokenized pool of real world assets goes up to 30 trillion US dollars. I think this is quite a big number. But if you believe in that number, even just remotely, you will understand that we are building a full ecosystem that is end-to-end optimized. And I feel then you need to embrace the value creation chain more broadly. So you need to talk about the custody function, the settlement function, the relevance of data needs to come in. And then you basically start understanding that we are not talking about cryptocurrencies in isolation, but about digitizing the planet. And the fragmentation I mentioned at the beginning in traditional financial markets, maybe it's just, if I'm critical, fair to say we just got used to it and accepted it and built incumbent infrastructure to just relate to it. But the reality is that if you believe in real-time settlement and the availability of technological solutions to move liquidity in real-time from one asset class to another across regions, I mean, this is just a significant step up in efficiency and effectiveness. And that should be the discussion. Which are key terms for any conversation with an institutional investor. So it is peculiar that that has not resonated more firmly yet. Fabio, what do you think it takes? Fabio, what do you think? I agree with Mike. On top of that, I would say that, I don't know if it works with the microphone. I would say that I think, you know, the gentleman was talking about not investable asset. I mean, you have to, they think at the moment, most of the institution, they think like crypto is a gigantic casino where it is just trading and it's really no value under that. Well, you can actually choose Bitcoin as digital gold, this kind of, you know, and they stop there. But the reality of fact is exactly what he said. I mean, it's like behind, there is like a gigantic revolution taking place and there is value to be extracted investing in some specific project or whatever that will actually have abnormal return compared to the traditional assets where normally they are invested. But the issue here is like also, there is a gigantic like issue that is like the people that are managing this big institution, I'm sorry to say that older, and they don't, they don't really want to start learning, put their heads down. It's very difficult actually to study this stuff to try to understand because they're sitting there and they don't, they don't, they don't feel in a rush. They, you know, they, the guy was talking about his peers. His peers are not doing anything, he's doing anything. Eventually, a new guy will come, we start investing, he will, you know, they will lag behind, so we'll be forced actually to get into it. But it's, to me, it's inevitable that eventually they will enter and they will actually leave apart this idea that it's a gigantic casino where people trade in and out and whatever and, you know, and, but it's value actually to be extracted. Gautam, I would love to hear your perspective on this too. Look, I wouldn't blame the person who made that comment. To some extent, the signal to noise ratio in this asset class is not great, especially when it comes to how this industry is covered from outside in. And there are, you know, it's a new technology, right? And there are fringe use cases. People used to say the same thing for internet back in, what, in 1990s and 2000s, right? So you had Amazon, which corrected 96% at one point. So I don't blame someone looking at it from outside in. Having said that, the way we think about it and the advice we give to our investors is that, look, this is, this is an asset class where you should definitely dabble in. The reality is over the last 17, 18 years, it's gone to three plus trillion dollars in market cap. So it's not nothing burger. So there is something going on there. But in order for you to really appreciate what's going on, you need to invest in this space a much smaller amount that you're willing to lose. But that gives you an opportunity to learn about this asset class much closer and much deeper. And then you will start to see the potential of it, right? There are applications that are getting built on this, which are generating revenue in hundreds of millions of dollars with much lower FTE count. The number of people involved to build an application is much lower than traditional Web2 stack. So there's value to it. But it takes time for applications that we are all familiar with to actually come on these rails and then you can use it. We're starting to see that with payments, stable coins, real world asset tokenization. But I would say, I don't think media covers it in the right way from that perspective. That should change. And I mean, this is a little controversial question, but do you think, are we far enough where FTX is in the rear view mirror for these institutional investors that they've been able to reset what's been built since and the safety nets that have been put in since and the kind of cleansing that we had? Do you think we are we past that yet? Are we still paying the price for it? We have come a long way. If you haven't completely passed that phase, as recent as last week, there have been some incidences already and more in the DeFi side of things on the meme coin front. But I would say that the industry has come a long way. You have traditional players who have come into the space. Now, especially for us, most of our trading happens off exchange settlement where you actually keep your assets on custodians while you are able to trade on exchanges. So the technology has come far ahead in terms of the last 18 months since then. There's more work to be done. Yes, there's always more work to be done. Okay, we are definitely light on time. So we're going to fly through these last couple of questions before we get to our speed round. We have to cover centralized exchanges. Mike, give the audience your take. Where is the value of these? Where is the risk? How should people think of centralized exchanges in about 30 seconds? Yeah, I was just about to add. So FDX for me is a call for action, not just for now, but also for the future. When we believe in driving innovation into use cases and transforming the entire infrastructure, if you will, and the way even institutional and retail investors will invest, then I feel we need to make sure that that innovation A becomes super transparent so that investors have a clue of what we are trying to improve and transparency about the benefits. And benefits are, talked about settlement, but availability of data and moving liquidity without fragmentation around it. And as a market maker, I should be quite vocal about price discovery. So getting the best price and giving you a possibility to transact whenever you want to, I think that is a key ingredient. And the last point on data I want to make is, we feel data is perfect, but the reality from TreadFi is the data world is not perfect. Even the data that is available is not perfect in order to feed risk return models. If you believe in digitization, then there is a purifying effect on data quality, and that should massively impact the quality of investing. And it will trickle down from the institutional side into the retail world. So that's very much a belief I would like to carry forward. Okay, I cannot believe... Oh, sorry, go ahead, Fabian. Sorry. So are you pro-centralized exchange or not? Well, I'm basically decentralized in a way that you need to basically fight fragmentation to make sure that you create interconnectivity and in a way also connectivity across all the different markets. And that is simply possible now with looking into technological advancement and making sure that you're connecting all the different markets. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Sorry, I didn't get it. Okay. We're going to rapid fire speed round here. These truly have to be one or two word answers to keep the integrity of this speed round. So what's the next Solana? Mike? So I would like to... Two words, two words. So I'm quite excited about our stablecoin project, All Unity. I don't want to do any marketing, but I very much believe that Europe has a fair chance to embrace a stablecoin in order to accelerate digital adoption. Aptos. Wow. Good shout out. Next Solana is Solana. Say it again. It's Solana. Solana is the next Solana. Okay. I like that. All right. Bitcoin. Is it going to decouple from the rest of crypto? Yes or no? I don't think so. Yes. It already has. There we go. Three perspectives. That's the point of this panel. Finish this sentence in one or two words. Meme coins are? A threat to long-term innovation and adoption. Should be banned. Good to battle test the crypto rails. Perfect. Ready? Public or private blockchain? Public. Public. Public. Public. There we go. On that one, unanimous. Okay. This is my favorite one. I left it best for last. When we used to all, I think we're all up here, remember using CDs to play music and we thought, oh, this is it. Music will never get better than on a CD. We used to use a rotary phone to make a phone call. We thought, this is all we need. We're sitting here today, 2025. Take yourselves five years into your future and your careers. What are we going to look back on in this year thinking, oh, that's what crypto used to do then. Those are the old ways of doing it. So what's going to be, that's new now, old in five years? I very much bring it down to the end user experience of investing. I think we fully underestimate the impact on our lives with this. Yeah, I like the idea of, you know, the new way of investing, but I will probably be on an island doing nothing. So I will not probably be here. Thank you, Gatsang. Paying gas fees for everything we do. There we go. Okay. Past, present, future, Wall Street to crypto. Here we go. Thank you, everyone.