 So just to set a little bit of context here, I think Web3 and AI has been one of the hottest topics at this entire conference. But we're going to add a layer of complexity or fun to that, depending on how you look at it, which is gaming. So just to kick us off, I thought maybe each of you could help us interpret how you see this. Like what is the intersection of Web3, AI and games? And maybe you could even use something that you're working on as a use case to kind of describe how you're coming at this. Who would like to go first? I can shoot first. Sure. So for me, it's really twofold. So on the AI side, everyone's spoken a lot about content creation. So for us, this is something we've done a lot. So last year, we had an R&D team building experiences in Fortnite and we were shipping a game a week, which wouldn't be possible with traditional tooling. So AI is empowering creators to ship more content much faster with much smaller teams. So it basically democratizes game development where smaller teams can take on larger teams. And then the second part of the equation is interesting because when you have this tooling built already, you can then start to put it in the player's hands. And then the second part of the game is that we're going to use the system to crypto. Right? So we kind of come in from that angle to begin with. And so we're doing a social game. Right? And the way we think about it is we use all these new technologies to create a new user experience for the player. Like an experience they never had before, you know? Mm-hmm. So when you combine that in an interesting way, that's when you can kind of have new things. So for example, Simon, he's doing these GOATs that play for you, right? These agents that play for you and you can kind of work with them, speculate on them a bit, right? For myself, the way we do it is that we create families and group chats where you can play with your families, right? In the Telegram group chats or in line group chats. And from there, you share a treasury. So that's the on-chain component. When you share a treasury, you can steal from other players' treasuries, other families' treasuries in Telemafia. And you have an AI agent whose job is to look at your contribution to this family in a way this mini-down, right? So when it looks at your contribution on Twitter and Telegram, your first experience in crypto is going to be this magical experience where, Hey, here's $50 in USDC or in a token straight to your wallet. So it's kind of creating these magical new experiences for consumers. I think that's where that interaction is really interesting. Crypto, AI, gaming. Yeah, so for me, my background is from traditional gaming. So if you look at the future of gaming, I think AI and crypto are going to be the two very progressive lag to help us to see where gaming is going, right? So AI, first of all, is about the unleash of ultimate productivity. Not in terms of just because of the cost, but how can a creative, say, like a very small team or even just one dev team, with the help of AI, they can make a very creative game. So it will help the most creative individual to build the most complex game. And if you look at the Web3 side, it's about a redistribution of value, right? So even though like metaverse right now is a cliche world, but if you're talking about this, you know, 10 to 20 years virtual world parallel to the physical world, and you have a lot of going on real time rendering, real time generated content. So that's what AI will enable, right? But equally important is the crypto side, because in that world, how is the value going to be distributed, right? Like payment, how can people have ownership of their data and assets? So I think those two concepts should always go hand in hand for the future of gaming. But obviously, each of them is very dynamic, and a lot of new, you know, innovations is happening. So I think definitely in the next, you know, 12 to 24 months, we're going to see a lot of innovation in this space as well. That was a brilliant overview. But I don't want to skim over the top. So we're going to go deeper. But I did just want to point out too, we are actually going to open up to questions from the audience toward the end of the panel. So if you do want to ask a question, think of it now and we'll have a microphone runner to come around and allow you to stand up and ask it yourself. But just to come back to something that was mentioned by each of you, I think AI has often been thought of as, say, a game design tool, like a production tool. But when you add this layer of gaming, what happens when AI becomes part of the game loop or the game mechanic itself? Yeah, I think for us, you know, we have something we're experimenting with right now, actually. So a bit of alpha, this will be fully announced soon, but we're going to have a hero agent in the ecosystem which human players can compete against his agent. We know that most players will fail and that's okay, but then the price of beating the AI agent will be much greater. So there'll be like a crypto price attached to it. And you can create some very interesting PvE experiences. The other thing you can also do is that through crypto, you can offer fractionalized ownership of these different agents within the games. And so then as a player, I could maybe own parts of the ecosystem or parts of the NPCs and then also dictate how they interact with other players too. And so I think that whole agent narrative and people owning pieces of agents and participating in the upside as well, plus on the other side of the equation, you have humans competing to try and beat it and win prizes. It's going to be really interesting. I think what we saw recently with the, there was an AI agent that had a wallet attached and people basically had to prompt it and convince it to give them the money that was stored by the agent. Yeah, Freeza. Yeah, sorry, I forgot the name. I think that's a very interesting proof of concept. And you're going to see similar things applied to more traditional gaming loops as well. And these are going to be, like Ryan said, kind of new gameplay types that people haven't seen before and that traditional gaming can't offer. And so I'm really excited to see because I think this is all coming not within the next year but within the next like three to six months. Wow. And so the discussion we have in September will be totally different. It plays right into what you're working on, right, Ryan? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like talking about new gameplay types and new kind of experiences you can enable, right? Actually explain it. Like how do you play against the AI agent? Like for someone who's not done it before. Yeah, sure. So we have specific games in the ecosystem. So one of them is a PVP card game, which is waifu themed because we found out that theme works really well with people in Web3. And so if you can beat this agent at this card game where there is an element of chance, we have a progressive jackpot, you'd actually get a chance to win like a big jackpot. And so, you know, you could be a really crap player and get lucky and win. And so that's also important. If it's deterministic and you're playing against an AI agent, like you'll get destroyed. It's like playing against a chess computer. Whereas you need games with an element of chance. And we're designing some other experiences like a shooter and some other games that you can play against the agents. But at its core, it's probably going to have to be like 80 to 90% skill. But maybe there's a 10 to 20% chance that you can get lucky and win as well. Or maybe you're just genius level. But yeah, most players will not be. But then that again, like makes the pot bigger for everyone else to try and win. Yeah. Well, I think for AI and gaming and crypto, right? Like where it gets really interesting is the mini-dial management side of things. So you can imagine like this group of people, now they are playing together the whole time in this game, right? In TeleMafia, for example, in group chats. When they're playing together, they're forming this relationship with each other. They're advancing towards goals together just as a unit, as a group. When they begin doing that, then bringing the AI in to serve as that judge almost, that arbiter, that trusted third party, that family office manager. Yeah. But we have a character called Valentina. So she's literally a family office manager. Yeah. And so her job is just to see your contribution and say, all right, here you go. Here's some tokens, right? The leader and the officers of that family can be the ones to talk to Valentina and tell her like, hey, we want to reward more community engagement this week. Right? Let's try to bias that towards that. So there's a new kind of form of participation. I think this scales even beyond gaming, right? But with gaming, it's a bit less high stakes, right? If you're doing it for a DeFi protocol, if you do it for an Aave, it's like hundreds of millions or billions of dollars, right? For us, we're starting with treasuries to begin with. So treasuries are actually fueled by in-game and IAPs, in-app purchases. So when players spend when they're in a family, a percent of that goes back into your treasury. And that's the initial base for what funds this entire experiment, so to speak, with AI and crypto. Yeah. So that's where we can kind of do a lot of interesting things. And I would say, just as Simon mentioned, this happening really quickly, right? In the next three to six months, possibly nine months, this year is when all of these things will begin to see fruition. So I think it's going to be really exciting because that's going to inspire a whole new wave of games. Yeah. I think one of the interesting about AI agents in crypto gaming is obviously, as Ryan touches upon, is how does AI help the distribution of value in the game as well as your amount of players? Yeah. But coming back from the gaming perspective, obviously I think there are so many, so many use cases, right? So, Leah, you said, like, oh, how do you fight against AI agents? Actually, if you think about AI, the first generation of AI agents is just bots. Yeah. And people have been having the bot playing against a player for a long time, right? If you think about all the high DAU, like, competitive games, especially MOBA, there are bots all the time, right? But because the difference between now and then is that back then it was more, like, procedurally generated, and those bots usually doesn't have personality and doesn't have, like, a soul, right? But, like, right now with the LRM, with a lot of the other functions, and AI agents or bots can start to have personality, right? So that's why you already see in games that AI are having emotions, and there are, you know, MMOs in which they have NPC players or AI agents in which, you know, the players can try to cultivate a romantic relationship. So that already is in gaming. Yeah. After you talk about love and deep space. Yeah. Like, those games are so successful, like, in... Yeah, and also, I was gonna mention another game because I think everybody in crypto knows Frieza, right? Like, you know, how does a user convince her to give him the treasury money? And there's a team who does an AI game in Steam right now. It was sold, I think they sold about 200,000 copies, pretty sizable. So the core concept of the game is about the player has to convince the AI girlfriend to date with him. So you have to play with your friend, right? Like, I have to play with Ryan, and together we compete in order to win the heart. Of these AI agents in the game. So I think they're like, AI can play along with you, they can be the competitor, they can be the coach. Because I think of Razer, the esports company, they are just announced like the AI coach for esports team as well. So they can be your assistant, they can be your coach, they can be your lover, they can be your friend, they can be rivals. So anything you have in mind about human relationship, you can have that with AI agents in the game. Yeah, so can we go further on this? Because this is just fascinating. Like, so I loved what you said about, you know, how bots have kind of always been the enemy of game developers. You know, we've always been trying to find ways to solve for bots. And now we're seemingly embracing them. But these AI agents definitely have so much more capability and potential than say any NPC or non-playable character that we've ever seen before. So when they have this ability to be able to, they could potentially earn funds for themselves, they can sign transactions on their own, they can have a memory and develop a personality of their own. At what point do they stop being NPCs and start being real economic actors? And how are you guys thinking about that in terms of how you create more fun experiences for players? Yeah, I mean, I would say they're already economic actors. Like, they've already crossed the threshold of not just being NPCs, right? We're there already. This is not even the crazy shit. No, I mean, like, you already have people using them to win prizes and to compete for them, right? And so, like, we announced our agent sale. The vision for us is that a player will have one or multiple agents and they will compete in tournaments on their behalf against other AI agents and also against humans in predefined tournaments. And you can invest time training your agent. You can give it a personality as well. You can customize it so maybe it's a more visual representation of you. And it's almost like everyone becomes their own guild. I wanted to ask about this. Do you see, like, AI agents guild swarms? Basically, yeah. Yeah, yeah. The people that today are scholars will probably be running agents and agent swarms, like, in very, very short amount of time. Yeah. I think one critical insight about bots and agents and AI as well is that bots are usually rule-based, right? Yeah. So if you're playing a game like Halo, you would say, if there's a person in front of me, run or shoot or below 30% health, the grunt runs away from you, for example. Yeah. But now agents themselves, they can all be programmed by the user. It's all hyper-personalized things. And before that, it was prohibitively expensive with the reinforcement learning paradigm, for example, right? Now, LLMs are already trained by OpenAI, for example, or DeepSeq, or these larger companies. And they train these LLMs for you already, and they make it so much more affordable. It's compute too cheap to meter, I think they say in San Francisco. Right? So now it's a much more accessible experience. It's going to be much more accessible. And it's hit that threshold where they can begin making decisions. And crypto is just that layer that allows us to prescribe scarcity, fun, value for these agents, and playing around with these agents. Yeah. So I think that's where it gets real interesting, the distinction between bots and agents, and the impact on gameplay. Yeah. There's a company we backed a few years ago, they're called Deletian. They have a ticker, AGI. Nice ticker. Anyway, so they've been experimenting with agents in gaming for a long time. And I think one thing very frontier they thought about was, you know, obviously a lot of the user, they can start to train their AI agents in the game. They can ask them to farm, to play the games for them, and then potentially also forming goats. But at one point, they have a rule in that game, you know. So if you say, like, in the beginning, the AI agents' relationship to you is like a master to kind of servant relationship, right? Because you basically have ownership of their assets and their actions. But at one point, they have in that game, the AI agents can free themselves. They can be like truly autonomous, like individual, and they can have their own will, and they can have their own wallet that is separated from your custody. So I think that's very interesting. Wow. And they're starting to build a chain that is allowed for AI autonomous payment among themselves. Not with humans, but among themselves. So I think for sure, things are, I think, progressing much faster than we thought. And this kind of relationship between AI agents and humans is going to be, I think, a very interesting topic for the years to come. Yeah. Did you guys want to add anything on that? Because I feel like the craziest stuff I've brought up, you're going, it's already happening. Like, what do you think this is going to be in like five to ten years? What are your most radical assumptions? You know, there are things that I want to talk about, but I also don't want to leak the alpha. Oh, come on. Leak it. Leak the alpha, dude. I mean, at a very high level, like, I think it's interesting that you would have an extension of yourself that knows your habits and your likes and dislikes. And then what that can do for you on the internet when you're not around. Yeah. So even things like dating, right? My agent knows me and knows, okay, like, I'm into these things. This is my lifestyle. And maybe I'm in a relationship now, but maybe if I was single, I'd be like, okay, I'm looking to meet someone. And the agent would then go off and speak to other people's agents that have, that may be a similar fits and could come back with like, oh, you know, this could be like, agents as matchmakers is an interesting use case. But like, this is like just scratching the surface, right? Well, that's actually coming from real society. I mean, like, especially in, I think, Chinese society, that's the matchmaking thing is very cultural kind of thing. So that would be interesting if you could have it kind of automated with AI agents. But just like, I think as people spend more time with multiple agents, I can see an instance where you have one which is kind of like your hub that kind of helps you manage your swarm, right? And then it's kind of twofold, right? Because on the one hand, that agent knows a lot about you and maybe that's depending who operates that agent, that could be a bit questionable. But that also empowers you to save a lot and do a lot of interesting things as well around gaming. So, yeah. I'm pretty bullish as to where this is going. And we're starting to play with some of these ideas. What do you guys think? Where is it all going? Five to ten years. Yeah. Can you even think that far ahead in this space? Like, I mean, it moves so fast. I feel like 12 months ahead is probably going to be wild in terms of where we are. Yeah. I don't want to go doomsday on people. Like, be doom, right? That's like a whole year. Yeah, it's late in the afternoon. Everyone's a bit tired. It's good. It's going to be great. They're going to do all jobs for us. It's going to be so much fun. All you have to do is just enjoy your life. Yes, relax. Make art. No, no, no, no. Yeah. You know, robotics, right? That's the thing. It's getting better. Yeah, you can put AI agents to control robots, right? So, I don't know. I mean, they're pretty strong, you know? No, I'm just kidding. Yeah, no, I love it. I love it. It's great. I think the human-centered aspect, it depends on what people want to build, right? Yeah. So, people are devoting their efforts towards. So, I think obviously there's entertainment aspect of it. But one aspect that we're trying to build is a DEFAI, DeFi aspect, right? So, with the cashback and the treasury. Do you want to just explain that, if people haven't heard that acronym yet? So, DEFAI is like DeFi with AI, and you know, you can talk to the AI, and afterwards, it does complex DeFi tasks for you and such. That's kind of their dream, right? Yeah. So, for us, we're also building something like that. The goal is to onboard millions of the crypto, right? You want to make it as easy as possible. Do that. I think most people are not going to fumble around with C-phrases. They're not going to bother with finding out what's the best execution for their swaps. You see that on MetaMask when they turn on Feeswitch. Right? You see that on Phantom, they have hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue from Feeswitch, 0.85%. You could get better rate instantly by going to somewhere else, but you're not doing it, because you just want to do it right there and then. So, owning the user relationship is going to be really, really important, right? And I think if you're building the most seamless, most magical way to interact with crypto, and you're putting it on a social messenger app, that's our strategy at least. I think that goes a long way to getting a lot of people into crypto. So, that's basically how I think it's a human-centered approach towards it anyway. If it's all AI-centered, and it's about the AI's feelings, I mean, we're all humans, you know? We're all a bit focused on how humans are going to factor into it. Okay, so what about this? I mean, we've talked about some of the crazy things that could happen in the future, and I know you've all had a very long history to working in the traditional gaming industry, or really understanding what's happened there in terms of other technologies. I wasn't saying you're old. You gave me a look like that. I was like, no, I mean, I'm very impressed with your expertise. So, but what about things like, you know, we've seen so many other tech come into gaming before, whether it's something like, I don't know, VR, augmented reality, GPS, even mobile gaming. How do you take lessons from that to make sure that AI is being developed in the right way when it's integrated with Web3 and gaming? Like, is there anything, or maybe even from the traditional Web2 world, that you would maybe warn against in terms of how we should be thinking about integrating this? Yeah, you listed some very different examples of very different outcomes, right? Yeah. So, like, AR and VR gaming, I was always very bearish, because it felt like a solution in need of a problem. Like, it was being led by the tech, and then people trying to, like, fit games around it. I think with AI, it's fundamentally different, because we have, we're already using it as part of the production pipeline. We're using it to let players generate their own content, which, like, fixes a crap load of problems with people having to use how to learn how to script. Yeah. 3D modeling, level design, like, you abstract all of that away, so it's completely seamless. And then providing really fun PV content. So there's actually, like, fantastic new cases from day one. The other thing I would lean on is from mobile. So the reason that mobile gaming dominates in terms of revenue is just because it's so seamless. Yeah. Everyone has a phone in their pocket. You have five minutes in the queue. You can play, you know, a quick game of Candy Crush. Like, that's a $12 billion franchise based out of convenience. Yeah. And so the lesson I would learn from this is, like, the more brain dead and easy and routine you make this, the faster the adoption will come. And the further you can take this versus, like, having a very complex interface and, you know, I'm just using- You have to strap on a helmet and then afterwards- Or having to learn a bunch of commands to interact with you. Like, you need to make it so that, like, you know, like, my mom who plays Candy Crush can use this stuff and enjoy and immediately see a benefit. Yeah. FD, what do you think? Because I know that you, like, you're very passionate too about looking at best practices in Web 2 that should be applied to Web 3, which is a lot of the time Web 3 people are just saying that Web 2 is the enemy and we need to, like, you know, throw the baby out with the bathwater. But actually there's a lot to be learned there, right? So what do you think we should be bringing across in this context? I think already people are adopting a lot of the- I think right now in terms of what kind of content can be generated, there's no very clear distinction between Web 2 versus Web 3. Because, you know, if you think about LMs, when new LMs coming into place and 3D generation model and, you know, animation video. So all the new tech is going to be empowered, the latest content. And so on the content side, I don't think there's a very clear distinction. But like I mentioned, I think the interesting about Web 3 is it has a value distribution, redistribution angle, which doesn't exist in Web 2, right? So if you think about the relationship among players and then, you know, the relationship between the player and the AI agents, economic value is going to be a very important nexus. And that wouldn't exist in Web 2 gaming, but it will exist in Web 3 gaming. And I'm already seeing a lot of the best practices from, you know, how AI is adopted in the Web 2 gaming already being kind of assimilated into the AI. So I think right now it's pretty synced up in terms of the AI adoption point of view. But I think Web 3 is going to be more, I guess, progressive in terms of generating this economic nexus in which, you know, Ryan mentioned treasury, right? Treasury is the common goods of a community. And then how is that going to be distributed? And then how does people trade with each other? How do you take ownership of the assets? Those can only be enabled by Web 3. Okay. I was going to give our microphone runner a heads up. Okay. We're ready to go. Would anyone like to ask a question of our panel? You can just put your hands straight up. Don't be shy. They won't buy it. Here we go. Our friend down the front here. Please tell us your name and your company and we'd love to hear your question. I'm Joshua from org.com. I just have a sort of general question. Usually when new technologies are adopted, they try to replicate existing things in the world. And they usually only really come into their own when they enable something that wasn't possible before. So I just invite the panel to sort of speculate very wildly about things they can imagine being now possible that aren't adopted now that could be where this kind of technology really gets adopted. Beyond skeuomorphism. What do you reckon? Okay. I can give a shout at that. Thank you for the question. Great question. So beyond skeuomorphism, well, you need to do something that already works because it's got to replace some user behavior from before, right? So for us, we build a mafia game. It's a social game that worked from before, right? In the Zynga era, Telegram Mafia is the name of the game, right? And what's new is that you can, with crypto, you can enable 50 versus 50 fights. And all that happened before in the free-to-play era. Okay, Clash of Clans, Rise of Kingdoms, Game of War had all these kind of dynamics already and people were spending billions of dollars in this kind of game, right? So it works. What's new is that I'm going to let families steal from each other. Yeah, so they can steal and transfer value and fight and steal from each other's treasuries. You're engaged in war, it's going to be so much more intense. You're going to wake up your friends at 3am, hey, attack this guy, please. Right? We want to create a kind of new experience for players. When an AI redistributes your treasury to the users transparently, that's another new experience. They get a message on Telegram, hey, Ben, great job on the fight today. Here's $50 to your wallet, claim it. All these are new things that could not exist before without the tech. So I think we're really trying to lean into that for our game. A good question, thank you. I think for me, there are two things which clearly spring to mind. The first is that today, as a development studio, if you want to operate an online game, that requires a team of people both to operate it on the infrastructure level and people to develop it internally. I think with the AI tooling that we're seeing already, you're going to get to the stage where you have one man teams operating an online game. And that person may not even know how to code. So they're doing what we now call vibes coding, where you're putting props into like cursor and they're using AI generated art, which is like freaking insane. Like one person without any hard technical skills basically operating an online service. I think the other part is that as it goes back to user generated content, like today you have platforms like Roblox and Fortnite UEFN that collectively generate billions of dollars a year. But actually the barrier to entry is still very high. I think that the UGC space is going to completely explode in the next probably one to three years. As a tooling base empowers anyone that can interact with an agent to create new games from scratch and also be able to monetize them. I think that's really cool. Did you want to add anything FD? Yeah. So if you're thinking about replicating what exists already in real life, right? The kind of relationship we describe between AI agents and human, you already existed in real life, right? But we are trying to make it more customizable and more, you know, I say like human serving in virtual world, right? So it will be more dynamic as well. And I definitely want to echo what Simon was saying about how does it, how, how will it empower the most creative individual? So I have one case study to share. So there are this producer already like a world class. He's a, he's a card game designer and he managed a franchise of, you know, multi-billion dollar franchise, one of the most famous in the world. So in the past, when he has a game design idea, he needs a whole team to help execute for him. So from ideation to proof of concept to, uh, to MVP, you will usually take months, right? But right now, uh, even though he doesn't know how to code, he can keep iterating his idea within weeks. So he was able to, you know, launch a game, a prototype with two weeks and then he like keeps on iterating. So, um, so I think, uh, AI, uh, on one hand, you will empower the most creative individual. On the other hand, obviously the gaming giants, because of their, uh, their, their, uh, ability to, uh, amass the latest tech, they will have advantage as well. But everything in between, you know, someone just, you know, good at replicating others' work, only good at, you know, uh, uh, offloading the production, they will, they will be wiped out. So you will only be this side and this side. So in, in the, in the future, making game will be just similar as easy as making a Tik Tok video. And that's actually a lot of, uh, startups. One of them backed by Li Fei Fei, you know, the Google AI scientist, she has her word labs and she backed her studio. So they're aiming just to build a, uh, the future of, uh, a UGC platform for gaming. Eagle, right? Um, there's another one. Yeah. There are multiple actually. So everybody tried to be the Tik Tok. Be the Tik Tok for gaming. Yeah. Right. Instant worlds. Yeah. So much alpha on this stage. Um, I love what you're talking about there because I think, uh, some of the greatest games, most loved games actually started as mods. So to think that making a game could be as simple as making a Tik Tok video is pretty exciting around, um, harnessing some of that creative potential with people who don't necessarily have the technical skills. Sadly, that is all we have time for, but I just want to thank you guys so much because that was a completely wild peek into the future. I actually want to come back and do this panel again next year, like same time and see where we're at in 12 months. That would be insane. But thank you for joining us, everyone. Uh, great panel. Thanks guys. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you.