 Music Yeah, so we have a pretty diverse panel right here. We've got people from around the region. Let's do some intros. Introduce yourself, your exchange or company, and what you see as a nuance of your markets. Sumit, you first. I'm Sumit. I'm the co-founder CEO at CoinD6, which is the largest crypto exchange in India. We also have BitOasis, which is the largest digital exchange in Middle East. And with over 20 million users, excited, one of the largest and the most interesting market globally. Excited to be here. Great. Yusho from CoinHacko here. So we are one of the earliest exchanges in Singapore. We also license in terms of user base with about 10% of the local population. Yeah. So, you know, we've seen the landscape evolve tremendously over the past 10 years. So I was just sharing with some friends, like even the conference scene today. I was just sharing with them that I was in consensus in 2016 in New York. Right. And that was a very different vibe. Everyone wear suits. It's mostly Wall Street people. But I mean, fast forward like eight, 10 years. Everyone's in, I mean, consensus is now in the heart of the action, which is in Asia. Right. So I think big congrats to Hong Kong, to the organizing team. And thanks for having me. Hi, I'm Kevin from Thailand. So we run one of the largest exchanges in Thailand, also the largest OTC desk in Thailand. And currently, we also spun off a new company doing crypto asset management. So, we're going to be talking about the biggest exchange and wallet in the Philippines. So, in addition to being a cryptocurrency exchange, we're also a payment platform. So, in addition to sort of, we also have our own stable coin PHPC that we launched last year. So, really excited to sort of really coming into the payment space in addition to sort of in the crypto exchange side. Very nice. So, the regulation is a lot different around Asia. Let's start with you, Wei, and talk about the Philippines and regulation there. Like, how does it work? You know, is the government pro-crypto, anti-crypto, crypto-skeptical? Yeah. The Philippines actually has one of the earliest licensing regimes for crypto. So, coins, we've been licensed since 2017. So, if you remember back like seven or eight years ago, Philippines and Japan were actually the first two countries that have been, that were licensed, that came out with licensing for crypto. And they've sort of taken two different roads. Japan is like super strict. You've got to have like, you know, a binder full of pages to list a token. Whereas, Philippines, like, it's been relatively more lax. So, our regulator is a central bank. So, we don't have that much restrictions on sort of, you know, security token, utility token. A lot of the focus has been much heavier, more on custody, on AML. So, for us, I would say it's a good balance for us to be in. And then, Philippines, to a certain extent, it follows the US. So, even the regulatory regime is sort of set up under sort of the, sort of follows the US track. So, I think we look forward to sort of the more progressive crypto regime to come out of the US. Hopefully, you know, with that, that will get adopted in the Philippines. Okay. How about Thailand? Yeah, Thailand is a bit, you know, different in that we, we took a responsive approach where in 2017, you know, during the ICO craze, one of the large, like, larger public companies did, you know, ICOs publicly. And that got the government, you know, spooked. And so, they came up with this emergency decree trying to regulate and oversee crypto businesses in Thailand. And so, out of that came a number of licenses, you know, which was pretty much taken inspiration from like TradFi. You know, you have exchanges, brokers, dealers, ICO portals. And now, we have, you know, fund management, advisory, and custodians. So, there's a number of different licenses instead of just one all-encompassing license. So, then you have, you know, crypto companies trying to figure out what they want to operate. And then, it's very segmented. But, you know, out of that, we had, you know, regulatory clarity pretty much early. And the government, because of that, a lot of businesses started investing into crypto. You know, the number of licenses being given out. And, you know, openly, you know, you could solicit users. So, you can go on the streets and you can see like billboards, you know, advertising crypto since 2017. And so, that got Thailand to be one of the most highly adopted, adopting crypto. So, I think the penetration rate was anywhere from like 15 to 18% of the population, which is extremely high compared to other countries. How about Singapore? Yeah. So, we started around 2014, 15, right? And for us, when we got the license, it was 2021. Right? So, it took us quite a while. But, you know, Singapore always takes a... I mean, Singapore is pro-business, pro-country, right? And pro-innovation. So, although it took us a long while, right? I mean, the process was very deliberate, thoughtful. And if you look at the region today, Asia is super fragmented, right? Malaysia has its own way of classifying crypto. It's generalized as securities. And I think for Singapore, we reference Japan's regime, I believe. And long story short, I think Singapore is the... one of the most influential crypto hubs of the world. And, yeah, although there's not much hype these days, yeah, it's still a very mature... There's still a very mature foundation. Okay. And India. Now, I know that India is pretty crypto-skeptic, even hostile. Is that correct? It seems to be improving now. I mean, the situation was very different. And India had its own share of ups and downs when it comes to crypto regulations. Back in 2018, banks were not allowed to work with crypto companies. But now we work with pretty much like most of the top ten banks in the country today. We've got FIU registration. So, every VASP has to mandatory register with the Ministry of Finance. We have got AML KYC guidelines reporting, all the travel rule compliance. There is taxation in India, harsh though, but there is taxation. Indian tax laws are also incorporated now crypto. There's advertising guidelines and all we can do advertisement in cricket matches, including IPL. So, we have made a lot of progress when it comes to regulations. So, yeah, India has improved a lot. And now we are like sort of neutral. And regulations, we are hoping that some clarity would come in the next couple of years. Okay. Is there one like market quirk or nuance you guys have seen in your regions that you want to share with the globe? Like there must be something that stands out. Like with India, for instance, there's a big altcoin move for the longest time. Or for Thailand, you know, there is a big pro NFT movement. So, what's the one thing that you want to share with the globe that's unique about your jurisdiction? How about India? You can go first. Oh, sure. Sure. So, India is like a continent comprised of multiple mini countries. There are like 28 states, 8 union territories. Every state is like, you know, having its own linguistic and ethnic diversity, their own behaviors. For example, one of the state called Uttar Pradesh is, if it's a country, it would be the fifth most populous country in the world. Right? So, you know, we have to go to a country, the size and the scale of India. And in terms of customers, it's a large retail market, huge retail market like CoinDCX has around 18 million customers from India, all very fascinated about Bitcoin, altcoins, memes. India loves gold. India also loves digital gold. So, we have seen a lot of these customers just wanting to have Bitcoin in their portfolios. They all have mobile phones, Internet, and yeah, they love crypto. And India is, by the way, number one country when it comes to grassroots adoption. If you look at the analysis report, consecutively in the last couple of years, India was ranked number one in terms of adoption. Wow. Number one. How about Singapore? I think Singapore here is the smallest market on stage. Yeah. Like, is there anything that stands out for Singapore compared to India or elsewhere? Yeah. I think in terms of population, you're right. We're only five million people. But in terms of the depth of the capital that's parked in Singapore, I think, you know, there's a lot of family offices in the region that have some form of presence in Singapore. All right. So, if you talk about investors, maybe I'll touch on the retail side first, right? Retail investors in general, very conservative. And if you further classify the retail investors, we are looking at one very institutional, those with institutional mindset. So, they go for the long-term, yield-bearing blue chips. So, usually they'll just buy BTC ETH. And whereas on the other side, we also have a segment of, let's say, prosumer or like savvy retail traders. And these guys are, you know, they trade derivatives, they go on DeFi. And for us, I guess where we play, you come in is, you know, we access the bridge, right? They come in, they're on-ramp, and then subsequently these guys will go into the respective platforms out there. Yeah. And for Thailand? Yeah, when I think about Thailand, one of the things that really stand out is our tourism industry. You know, Thailand is always, you know, one of the top countries when it comes to like people coming on a number, like absolute number basis in the world. And so, one of the initiatives that the government is trying to push recently is to set up a regulatory sandbox in the island of Phuket, you know, down south, to allow crypto as a means of payment, which, you know, is a surprise because, you know, the central bank has been against using crypto as a means of payment for the longest time. You know, at Bitasa, we used to launch this crypto payment product way back. And then, you know, we basically got banned overnight. So this is a big move, you know, having the regulatory sandbox reopen and for companies to experiment. And because of that, I think Thailand is also known as, you know, we want to push our soft power, our culture, because that's something that we're quite strong with, you know, our food, our artists, you know, our culture. So naturally, that's why the NFT market is also very, very popular. We even have one of the largest banks in Thailand create an NFT marketplace. And then also one of the things that really pushed adoption in Thailand wasn't just the regulatory, you know, friendliness, but also the private sector, the banking sector was very open. You know, the top two largest banks in Thailand actually own crypto exchanges and NFT marketplaces. So that's where we are in Thailand. Like, we are quite open to trying new things, even with, you know, the chain analysis report. Thailand, one of the years, used to be like number four. Now we're number 10 because, you know, the market kind of like, you know, went bare for quite some time. But I think, you know, because of the regulatory sandbox, I think that would reignite interest in, you know, people using crypto in Thailand. So what changed then? Because you mentioned earlier that the central bank was fairly anti crypto for payments, but now it's pro crypto for payments. Like, what was the move that changed this? I think when Thailand, when the central bank kind of stopped people from using crypto as a means of payment, it wasn't due to their philosophy really being against crypto, but more like taking a more cautious approach. Because prior to that, the central bank didn't believe crypto to be money. You know, it wasn't meant to be spent until people actually started using it as money. But then there's a lot of effort, you know, from the private sector trying to educate the regulators. So I think over time, there's some openness that, you know, that kind of creeped in into the regulators. And also our last election, actually, we had one of the big political parties campaigning for an airdrop of digital Thai baht. You know, it was like a national thing that people talked about. So even now we're talking about like putting our bonds on the blockchain. But there's been talked about like trying to adopt the blockchain technology. And so because of that, I think even the banks, the regulators are open because the population is very open and it's really supporting the and also voting, you know, going out and vote for politicians who would be friendly to crypto. Okay, so you think that in Thailand, there was like a pro crypto block, like people went out and voted for all the usual reasons plus crypto? Yeah, I think so. I think it got a lot of people excited, you know, that the government is really talking about crypto and trying to position Thailand as a crypto hub in a way. I think, you know, we have a lot of adoption rates. And, you know, a lot of projects when they come to Thailand, they think of Thailand as a market for end users. If we have a population that is, you know, connected to the Internet, they all have crypto wallets in their hands. So it's a natural market where you can distribute your product. And these people can then convert and go on and off ramp into the Thai bot very easy. So I give you an example. During the last cycle, we had a big, you know, Axie Infinity is a big game also in the Philippines. A lot of Thai people also ended up playing this game. And then we ended up partnering with this other guilds that came out to, you know, on and off ramp into the Thai bot. So people can actually play games and earn Thai bot in their bank account. So that was pretty interesting to see. Oh, wow. How about the Philippines? Like we know that GameFi is big there. But what else do you guys want to share about the Philippines market? I think like I sort of like compared to like crypto, you have like the rich countries and the poor countries. You know, developing world versus the developed world. In the developed world, people view crypto as more like a speculative asset. So they sort of regulate it that way. Whereas I think in the developing countries, they view it as just a technology. And then so the use cases are much greater. And then because of that, I think there's less concerns about, you know, speculation. So I joke around is like one of the most popular tokens on our exchange are XRP and Pepe, right? Those are, you know, you can say what you say about XRP, but mainly if people go after it because the price was cheap, right? On a relatively, you know, they see dollar signs or pesos like, you know, it's cheap to buy. I can buy a lot. So it's like and I think that's the same case for like Pepe. So I think like the last sort of six to nine months, I think like, you know, meme coins have been extremely popular, I think, in our region. I think and one of the other things about Philippines is that given that the native language of Philippines is English, I think a lot of sort of the DGens, the DGens, we have a lot of DGens that actually like are on par with the DGens in the U.S., sort of in terms of like being early on a lot of these trends. So we sort of have to meet them where they are in terms of like, you know, let's get these meme coins listed early. So we're pretty early. So like I joke around is like, you know, we're actually beating Binance on a lot of our meme coin listings. So I think that has been like sort of something that sort of quite unique over the last six months. Big picture, I think like given that, you know, people are generally aren't that well off, you know, GDP per capita is only like 300 to $500 a month in the Philippines, if not lower. So whenever we have blank to earn opportunities, whether it's playing games, whether it's like certain type of like airdrop farming, certain types of, you know, like now we have like this drive to earn thing with this like deep end device. So a lot of these programs, whenever we go to campuses or go to the provinces, super popular. We get massive number of signups. Even like two weeks ago, there's like some random affiliate that was going around scanning your iris to get WorldCoin, right? Like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, there's like a lot of these sort of interesting things in the Philippines that I think like that we, you know, as an exchange, you know, certain things we can support and get behind, like, scanning your iris balls, we're not going to get behind that, right? But, but it just like, so we sort of have to sort of navigate, you know, what is the proper sort of channels for you to earn tokens? And what are the proper channels? It's just sort of like, hey, like, we're not going to endorse that. Sure. But like, don't you feel that if so much volume is meme coin based, wouldn't that eventually get attention from authorities and regulators? Because meme coins go up, then they go down substantially. And if people get wrecked on this year's meme coins, isn't that a great way for politicians to, you know, scrutinize the industry, scrutinize crypto, that kind of stuff? Quick answer is no. Okay. Just because it's not, it's literally like the number of people that's like playing around with this is like this versus the population that's like that. And then if you just sort of go around any of these countries, you're like, there's lottery systems, there's like slot, like online gambling. There's like literally tons of other sort of, I would say more DG activities than just trading some meme coins. Right? And then if you look at like, you know, we work with the regulators quite a bit, right? Even like with the SEC, like every two or three weeks, there's like massive, like not massive, but there's like different types of Ponzi schemes, investment scams. It's just like in these, and like, and sort of like, sort of for us, like, what we try to do is we try to help our users make money. Right? And then how you make money is like certain times, certain times, it's like if you list your meme coins before some of these big centralized exchange listed, and then you sort of get it right, they can actually make money during that sort of six, like not even six, like six days or six weeks or sometimes even six hour cycle. Right? Sort of like, so what we try to do is like, we're not going to like list any, like, you know, not listing scam coins, obviously. So there's obviously a process we have to go through. But sort of like, as long as you trade it, you're like, for example, like one of the tokens we listed is Turbo. Like we work with the project behind it and every month, there's like airdrops that they're giving through and sort of like, as long as you complete these tasks, you get free tokens. Right? So it's just like, it's not like we're just listing it. It's like we're listing it with the way that, you know, they can, you know, like that they can actually earn and other, there's other mechanisms like to participate as well. Okay, so you have to still do your DD on these coins, but do it quickly. So what's that like for you guys? Like, what's your workflow like to make sure that you can get this newest meme coin on your system, but still do some research into it to make sure that it's not like a scam? Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, like, that comes back to sort of like my background, right? So, sort of like we have a pretty, we have a pretty like hardcore team, right? That trade, like that, that, that, that basically, you know, are in what I call like in the trenches. Like for example, one trend that we kind of identify last year was actually like AI agents, right? So we're actually one of the first exchanges anywhere to like list like, you know, like a lot of the AI agent tokens, like from the virtual ecosystem and also from like the, what is it? The AI systems ecosystem. So like by being early on those, we're like, hey, I think we think that this sort of intersection of crypto and AI and agents, that's like the real AI, not like the fake AI that was like in crypto, you know, a year ago, right? This is like the real, and then I think this, this, what is it, Chinese, this like, this sector within crypto is a real innovation and there's like real people doing real work behind it. So we listed like, you know, like five or six of these. And then when Binance listed AIXBT, all of the coins users were able to buy AIXBT almost like a month before Binance listed it, right? And we think that, you know, eventually the centralized exchanges are going to be more supportive of the virtual ecosystem, right? So I think we think that, okay, some of the top tokens that's on the virtual ecosystem, including virtuals itself, which Coinbase still has not listed, when that, when there's like, you know, there's some arbitrage you can play around. And then we can bring that to the users and we tell them about it and educate it and they kind of follow us on that, right? So, so, so like going back to what you said, it's just sort of like a lot of it is like if we do our own homework and we take advantage of it, we can bring that to our users. And as like, because at the end of the day, they go to you to make money, right? They're not here to lose money. If I go to you like six times and I lose money every single time, I'm out, you know, I'm going somewhere else, right? So for us, it's like, we have to be very practical about like, what is the service that we provide, right? Buy Bitcoin over a long time period, do some remittance, speculate on your XRPs, and then with a certain crowd or certain size of money, let's help you double that or triple that. Cool. So what about stable coins? Because right now USDT and USDC dominate the market worldwide. Do you guys see demand domestically for stable coins in your currency? India, start with you. Yeah, a lot. A lot. Most of it is dominated by USDT. And the interesting aspect is that a lot of people, a lot of developers, so India is like number two when it comes to developer pool. And a lot of these people work for international projects and they receive their money in crypto in stable coins. So India like pretty much receives a lot of USDT from these projects and different coins. India is also the, you know, a big remittance market, $130 billion flows into the country every year from Philippines, from UAE, from US. And yeah, I mean, like crypto is a solid use case. You know, stable coins add tremendous value there. So we see a lot of that stable coin adoption. What about like for the INR though? Is there demand for a local INR stable coin or are payments mechanisms so mature in India? You don't need that. India has one of the best payment mechanisms within the country. So we have something called as UPI, which has like huge adoption, like, and it just works seamlessly free of cost. You can transfer as low as like five cents to anyone in the country, like pretty much instantly. So within the country, we have UPI, so that solves for it. But I think stable coins are very much valuable when it comes to cross-border transfers. Oh, cool. So there's no need for like Web 3 for this part because you have the Web 2 version, you know, that works just fine. Yeah, I mean, there's no problem as such when it comes to, you know, payments within the country. Okay. How about Singapore? Yeah, I think similar. So Singapore is a good financial infrastructure. So if you want to make payments, it's instantaneous. Cuts acceptance is, yeah, pretty wide. But I think on the topic of stable coins, right, as a business, I think first, as a country, Singapore is small, but it's a huge trading hub. A lot of the world's trading volumes are all diverted to Singapore. And I'm talking about very traditional stuff like commodities and stuff. So as a business, we do have quite a big flow of institutional clients requiring us to on and off ramp at USDT. And these guys are, you know, some illicit companies and they require cross-border payments using stable coins. So it's a huge market. Like global payment is a huge market. Okay. What about Thailand? Do you see that as well? Or do you see more of a push towards a CBDC for the country? For Thailand, we, similar to India, we have a very robust financial markets in terms of like payments. And having said that, you know, I think even though we have a really good payment system, I think there's still a lot of push to get crypto stable coins into the market. One of the, you know, largest banks also did their own stable coin, Thai Baat stable coin, and actually piloted, you know, experimented with the usage during Defcon recently. That happened in Thailand. And so what that allowed people to do is that people who come into the country with, let's say, stable coin, could then convert their stable coin to the Thai Baat stable coin. And then that could be paid to merchants within the program. So that was like a closed loop sandbox that just happened. And recently the central bank also came up with a new sandbox for programmable money. And you actually ended up having multiple banks and financial institutions, including, you know, some local blockchain projects, which apply to be in the sandbox to issue the stable coins. So I think there's going to be a race to issue stable coins in the Thai Baat and have that potentially, you know, more options. You know, despite having the USD stable coin market dominating the market, I think there's going to be a local Thai Baat stable coin. And also Thai Baat is used regionally within our neighbors as well. So, you know, with Thailand, there's a lot of people who come and work in Thailand from, you know, our neighbors, you know, Cambodia, Myanmar, Laos, all these countries. And sometimes a lot of these people who come in hold the Thai Baat. You know, so I think the Thai Baat stable coin would be relevant not just for Thai people, but also for people who live in neighboring countries as well. Okay. And the Philippines? Yeah. I think USDT dominates in the Philippines. I think we partner with both Circle and Tether. And then despite that, I think most of the users there, I think, prefer USDT. And then second of all, we have our own. And in terms of use cases, I think, you know, additional sort of crypto trading, we started seeing a lot more use case use of stable coins in our remittance partners as well. Philippines, like, you know, is the fourth biggest remittance and taken country in the world. So I think we're seeing increasing flow now moving from U.S. dollar to USDT from a stable from a remittance use case. And then ourselves, we have a PHP C, which is a peso-backed stable coin that we issued in July. So that's approved by the BSP, our central bank. And then we're waiting to get out of the sandbox, like, waiting to unleash the beast. Okay. Yeah. It's a decent slot. Like, we hit up all of our KPIs in, like, three months. So, yeah, pretty good. Nice. Very cool. So just to wrap things up, what's the forecast you guys have for this year? Like a forecast or, like, a wish list for your country, regulators? Like, let's share your goals for this year. India? Yeah, I mean, I just feel that the tax on crypto needs to be reduced. Exactly. Everyone needs tax. That's the biggest pain point. Okay. For Singapore? All good on my side. All good? Okay. Thailand? Yeah, I think Thailand, I just hope that the momentum keeps going. Because there's already good momentum, and I just hope that it keeps going without any disruption. And the regulators are now open. Hopefully, people, you know, keep pushing the boundaries, and, you know, there's more adoption that comes into the market. Okay. And the Philippines? Yeah, I mean, we had conversations with our regulators, like, especially with SEC. It's like, don't do anything until you see what the U.S. does. It's like, just wait. Like, don't publish anything. Move slowly, I guess. Just wait until you see what the U.S. guidelines and U.S. regulations are, and then make sure you're no worse than that. I think that's, like, that's my hopeful, you know, resolution for not just Philippines, but for, I think, global. And I think if we can just sort of, like, follow whatever the U.S. does on crypto, I think it's going to be really, really good 2025 for us. Awesome. Guys, great fun. Thanks so much.