 All right, welcome. Ray, there's no more important conversation to have right now than the conversation around memes. But as you are really one of the pioneering people in the meme space with 9gag, first I would love for you just to define what you think a meme is because I assume it's more than just a photo with some funny words with it. Sure. I think the term memes was actually come by Richard Dawkins almost like 15 years ago. It's 1976. It's a unit of cultural ideas. It can be a picture. It can be a video. It can be just an idea. So I think in other words, everything can be memes. But I think not everything has mimetic value, right? You built your company on the idea that people love sharing things. And so are there criteria that you think make memes stick with people? I mean, there are new memes every single minute. But at the same time, there are also some evergreen memes. For example, like Hide the Pink Horror or Road Save or Success Kids. I think those are the memes that got more mainstream and stayed for a longer time. But at the same time, there are new memes coming out every day. Oh, some politician fell down. Or maybe some movie star, they say something bad. Or maybe some rug pull and stuff, right? And then people make use, make fun of them during the saddest time. I think stuff like that is also a good meme. So, when I think of memes, like for me, they've become a language, right? People respond to texts, to emails. They're used in media all the time as a reaction, an opportunity. And it's replaced often conversation in some respect. There did not, in my opinion, used to be as much of a financialization around memes. And we've seen right now that there is a challenging narrative starting to occur, where people feel like anything that has attention gets monetized. Do you think this takes away the value of memes? I would say that actually adds more value to it, right? Because in the past, like all these meme, OG memes guys, right? I mean, they actually never get anything, even though they get featured by tons of like internet outlets out there, right? And honestly, they were probably more popular than most of the celebrities, right? But they don't get anything of it, right? And with blockchain, with crypto, right? With like tokenization, it's actually put a value to that and somehow gives them back some value. And in return, they probably can, are willing to work more for it as well. Yeah. But do you think, you know, I think of, you know, any of the sort of classic memes we think of as in the canon of it, would they, do you think they would have gained as much value if the moment they came out, someone started to trade them for currency? Or is it part of the fact that we all feel we own them collectively, part of what makes them feel valuable to us? I think ownership, right, is one of the main evils in Web3, right? But at the same time, when it's so easy to launch a token, right, people always talk about community, always talk about, okay, we are couch, we are good community, right? But at the end of the day, we also understand that because there's money behind, that's why a lot of people, right, they say what they say, but they do not mean what they say. And I think that part is something that takes time. But I believe that when crypto, when blockchain gets more mainstream, right, more good players, and the other people, right, more good players, right, more good players, right? So, you had 9GAG, then you started MemeLounge, literally creating, you know, to me, one of the first real meme coins, it's, meme is the coin itself, right? It's the currency. That was 2023, I believe? Oh, yeah, I mean, we started 9GAG in 2008, that was like 17 years ago, right? We literally have been sharing memes before Satoshi created Bitcoin, which is the biggest meme coin on earth, right? So, I would say that we have been meme supporters since day one, because even at that time, most people, they don't even know what is a meme, what a meme is. And most of the so-called meme at that time is like, oh, image macro, and oh, it's just some funny pictures, share on some internet forums. Right, but because of 9GAG, we kind of make it more mainstream, right, because we are almost like the first platform, they kind of like make it very easy to share on like Facebook, Instagram, all these like platforms. And then in like two, three years ago, we started to venture into Web3 as well, right, because at the time we thought, okay, everyone talks about community in Web3. But when I started to buy like a lot of NFTs and then join a lot of communities, I mean, all of that is bullshit, right? If they could do something like that, why shouldn't we do something better, right, and try to actually bring the correct usage or value, right, to meme in the space? That's why we started meme land, right? That's why we helped launch a token called meme coin, the ticker, right? It's actually M-E-M-E meme, right? It's a Binance Launchable Project, right? So we believe that meme as a category stays maybe forever, right? Each individual meme coins may come and go, right? Some good ones, they may stay, right? But at the end of the day, we believe that meme is probably the most like influential, like instrument, right, for crypto to get into like Web2. Because I mean, how many people who owns Bitcoin actually read the Bitcoin white paper? Right? But everyone knows, okay, not everyone, right? But a lot of people know that, okay, oh, President Trump launched a meme coin, good or bad. And then, okay, some like Argentina, Ruppu coin, Calibra, something like that, right? So I think entertainment value, memetic value actually makes people easier to understand. Because a lot of people, they're just normal consumer. They are not technical at all. They can't analyze, oh, which L1, L2 actually works better? Oh, but this meme is funny. Or, oh, this guy I like, I support, right? And maybe I buy their tokens. So with MemeLand and the first meme coin, you helped sort of start, I think, this new primitive, this new narrative that we have going on. So, you know, you just mentioned Trump launched his own coin. We've seen the last couple of days what's happened in Argentina. Are those net benefits or net negatives to the industry? I mean, depending on which measures that you use, right? If you're talking about attention, if you're talking about awareness, I think it's a net positive. But if you are talking about like P&L, right? Then a lot of people actually lose money on that. And of course, the ones who have got the skills, maybe they make some money, right? So I think it's like part of the growing pain. But at the same time, I believe that it's good and positive, right? To have like the most powerful people on earth, right? To actually support cryptocurrency, to actually use like meme coin as a category, right? To launch that crypto, right? So to me, I think it's a positive, yeah. And I know meme land is starting to branch into other areas. So tell me about meme pay. Yeah, sure. It's very straightforward. I mean, people argue, okay, what if this is they want there to have users or only have farmers, right? But at the same time, there are a few like areas that crypto is proven to be useful. Number one is like store of value, right? For example, like Bitcoin. Number two is definitely for payment, right? Meanwhile, when you are saying that, okay, I want to use like crypto to pay. Most of these like old credit card, debit card, they mainly support all these like old tokens, right? To be, I mean, no offense, but we actually use like ETC these days, right? Who actually cares about like a lot of these old tokens, right? These old tokens, right? That have been around for a decade, but no one actually talks about them. Because they're not even building anymore, right? So for us, we want to kind of like become the infrastructure for all these like meme coins. This is so easy to create meme coins, right? Yeah. But after creating that, what actually can you do with it other than you support a community? So we believe that, oh, maybe we can become the payment layer for them. So that, okay, if you hold your meme coin, worst case scenario, you can still spend it. You don't have to wait for your token team to launch that payment solution. We can be the one that support all the meme coins, right? That's why we call it like meme pay, because you can pay with your memes. So the idea is I have a collection of meme coins. They have their values that go up and down, but now I have a real world use case. Yeah. I mean, at least you can pay for your McDonald's, right? So I think people can't say that meme is not useful. Yeah. I mean, originally each of the meme coins, most of them, they don't have like any roadmaps. They don't have any utilities, but crypto by itself, the main utility is probably like payment. Yeah. And so is there an opportunity to take what you're doing with meme pay and almost reverse engineer that back into 9GAG? Probably, right? I think this is also one of the inspiration from us is we started for Memeland, right? For our Web3 ventures, we started with NFT and then we helped launch a token. But actually, it's very hard to explain to people why you need to buy the NFT. Okay. This looks cool. You are joining a community, but is it worth like thousands of dollars, right? Some people understand that. A lot of people, they don't understand that or they barely have money to buy that, right? As bad as like the so-called NFT market today. I mean, a lot of the NFTs, they still worth like thousands of dollars. Most people, they don't even have thousands of dollars in their bank account. So for us, what are some products that real people who actually use, right? Don't talk about all these like X-Fi, like so-so-Fi, whatever-Fi, right? I mean, most of these Web3 products, at least from my understanding is they are inferior to the Web2 competitors. Why would I use an app that is not good at all, right? And I have to spend money to use it, right? So I think that is a big question mark for most of the people that we talk to, for most of the real-life users that we talk to, right? So we want to kind of like go out of the vacuum to build a product that most people will use, right? And I think, as I said, right? Payment is one of the main use case. And honestly, a lot of people, they have like credit card, debit cards, maybe even more than one of them. So how can we build something that's like meaningful, right? And also useful, right? To target the audience, right? Which is like our normal users, right? For Naigat, we have 200 million audience across the world. I believe that if we can convert them, I think payment would be a good possibility, yeah. So you're entering the pay space, which I think is really interesting. You also launched Meme Strategy, which from what I was reading will amplify the cultural and economic power of memes. How does Meme Strategy do that? First of all, Meme Strategy is the code name, is the project name, right? We haven't confirmed whether we will call it Meme Strategy or whatever, right? But long story short, like for context, right? I bought a public company in Hong Kong, right? And for that company, originally they do some hardware for 5G stuff, right? So there's a chance that we may expand that and that extend, help them to expand into so-called de-peen, decentralized, physical infrastructure and stuff. But at the same time, we also believe that after three years working Web3, we found the biggest issue in Web3 is not tech, right? I mean, if you read the essays, right, by Vitalik, I mean, oh, shit, that guy is like alien, right? He thought about things that people don't understand, don't think about it, right? A lot of these like tech teams, they actually have very cool ideas, right? But somehow, a lot of people, they don't understand it, right? They can't even see the vision, right? Yeah, so tech is not really a big issue, right? And then if you talk about narratives, there are like new narratives every single day. I mean, at this stage, people talk about RWA, people talk about like, I don't know, like so-so FI, like pay FI, all kind of FI, right? I think anything in real life, you can put up FI at the end and then it becomes like a topic, right? And because of like influenza, because of like all these different teams, I think somehow they create new narratives every single day. So narratives is not an issue. Tech is not an issue, right? I think user experience is an issue, right? But from, if we look back on tech, user experience can be solved, right? When you have like better designer getting into the space. But one issue that we see right now, why it is like very PVP, is because the liquidity is not enough, right? When we saw like Trump, President Trump launch his token, all other token drops, right? It's not because all people lose faith in other tokens, right? But because it's the same group of like, a same niche group of people, they sell their own pad, and then to ape into some new stuff, right? I think that is the biggest issue in Web3, especially for a lot of like tokens, right? That has not yet got more mainstream. For example, if you have Bitcoin, if you have Yves, if you have Sol, I think that part is okay. But for a lot of like other builders, right? Especially like meme coins and stuff, they don't even have enough liquidity and attention. I mean, actually, they have attention, but not enough liquidity. That's something that we want to kind of like bridge, right? Because people, they don't get into Web3 most of the time. It's because of trust, right? How can we arbitrage trust, right? By having a public company, right? It's the same case for like microstrategy. Microstrategy, I mean, people can buy Bitcoin, right? But because of mandate, because of all these like restrictions, all of like institutions, all of like traditional investors, they don't buy Bitcoin, right? That's why maybe they buy into like microstrategy. I think we want to kind of like simulate that, right? But not just for Bitcoin, but for other token as well, right? And meme coin would be our main focus because we, again, we believe that when crypto get more mainstream, the mind share, the market share for memes among crypto, among all these digital assets, or even among all the assets, we will continue to grow and probably is the fastest growing category. Yeah. I mean, one of the things I think a lot about is the idea that we were in an information age now for the last 30, 40 years, and really we're in an attention age. And the idea of the person who can gain the most attention really can profit and monetize it. You mentioned the Trump token. I think about the, I think Moonpay mentioned, I think it was 750,000 new users came in. But when they came in, when you look at the chart, most of those people have lost money now, right? So to me, it gives a bad experience for crypto, but the idea is how do you financialize attention at hyper speed? I'm worried about the sort of AI layers that come in and can do that much faster than we can do it. Do you think that memes also have the same impact from AI with the idea of, you know, part of what the reason memes work is we find them funny, right? We find them clever. Machines, I don't think, are clever in that way. Yeah. But are you worried that AI is going to suddenly just flood the market with memes? I mean, back to the first part of the question, right? First time off, everything sucks, right? So that's why you have to pay the lessons fee. But at the same time, it's still better than, okay, I just read all these essays, but not participate in the market. Right? Because by buying into some cryptos, right? Buying into some like digital asset, you start to learn about the game. You start to pay more attention about the game. Right? It's almost like during the 2000 like dot-com bubble. I mean, most people lose money. What does it mean that that category will not grow? Right? Actually, tech sector is the fastest growing category since like last two decades, right? I mean, look at all these top US stocks today. It's like all tech stocks, right? So I believe that if we are early, somehow we have to pay a lessons fee. But it doesn't mean that, okay, you will keep losing money forever, right? Because you will get better, right? When you practice more, right? But practice makes perfect. I think it's very true in most of the areas. I think that's number one. And then for AI, I actually think that AI and meme, they work quite well together. Right? To be honest, I believe that there are like three areas that people or investors should pay attention into. Right? So we call it ABC at our team. A is like AI, right? B is blockchain. C is like community, right? It's basically like non-human stuff, money stuff, and human stuff, right? How can you combine this ABC would be the holy grail, right? So we believe that AI can make things like last forever, right? Save time, save cause, make things funnier, right? I was with a friend who are building all these virtual idols and stuff, right? It's super huge in Japan, right? They're solving real problems. Because a lot of people in Japan, they live a long age, they're quite old, they get lonely, right? So right now, they have some virtual pets and stuff, they will talk to them. And you can just say to them and then they can give you some ideas of what's happening, right? And they can also measure the emotional status of the of the elderly so that they can paint their son, their grandson when they feel like, okay, there's a signal, right? So I think AI can definitely help them, right? But to be honest, right? A lot of people, they can't build the AI, right? Because for them, they are more like a user, right? And like a creator, right? But for memes, for for blockchain, so crypto, I mean, as long as you have some money, right? You can get into it, right? You can become like investor or you can become just like a consumer. So I think for that part is a good match of tech and also of the financial side. Because all this AI stuff, if you look at all these like big funding news, it's all like traditional VC, right? Normal people, how can they get into like a AI like early rounds, right? No, right? But for tokens, right? You actually can get it early, right? That's why you get fucked all the time. I think this is something that they can they can work quite well together. And of course, if you know how to build community, if you can rally the support, I think that will make your token, that will make your AI even more like a powerful. Great. We were talking backstage. I don't want to discount the fact that we're in Hong Kong. Yep. And this is our first major event here. You're one of the companies building in Hong Kong. You, Animoca, tell us what is so exciting to you about having this event here in Hong Kong. I mean, first of all, shout out to Hong Kong government, right? I mean, shout out to to see John Lee, right? I think, I think ever since like they started to support Web3 like two, three years ago, right? We started to see people paying more attention back to Hong Kong, right? Hong Kong by itself is top 10 like capital market in the world, right? Not in Asia, in the world, right? And blockchain crypto is like 90% finance. So I would say that Hong Kong has the best ingredients, right? To become the Web3 hub in the world or in Asia, right? And having a big event like consensus in Hong Kong is a very clear message to the world that, hey, Hong Kong is welcoming all these Web3 builders, welcoming all these Web3 investors. So I'm super happy that consensus happening in Hong Kong because this is a good signal, right? For all these like builders to come and then, and also because of all these like Hong Kong advantage. I mean, this, you can't, I mean, other than some other places in the world, right? You can't find a place that's like, get super good access to China, right? And have very low tax. And then you can also get very good access to all these like Asia, right? And also you can speak English very easily. And also all these like existing infrastructure. I mean, it's super exciting for me, super exciting, I'm super exciting for us as a builder, right? In Hong Kong. Yeah, because right now we actually can give more hope to tell people that, okay, Hong Kong, this is a new phrase. This is a new page. I think we should embrace it. And this is rare, right? That small places, small cities like Hong Kong, they can become influential, right? Again and again. And I think this is how bullish I am. But of course, I'm born and raised in Hong Kong. I'm definitely biased, right? But at the end of the day, I believe that all these people coming to consensus is a proof that, hey, they like crypto, right? Or at least they are interested in crypto. And they're bullish in Hong Kong because they are willing to come to Hong Kong. And to be honest, right, if you come to Hong Kong, have some good food, check out the nice scene, right? I mean, who doesn't love Hong Kong, right? Coming to some other places, Hong Kong is super interesting, right? And also have a lot of opportunities. Meanwhile, some places are relatively boring, right? And the food sucks, right? For us Hong Kongers, I think those are the things that we can be very proud of. Yeah. All right. Ray, thank you very much. Thank you all for listening. Thank you.