 Hello, good afternoon everybody. So I'm really excited to be here with the all-star panel from the market making trading industry to understand how crypto markets are flowing, liquidity. So I have with me, Tomar Hestu, CEO of B2C2, Yongjin Kim, co-founder of Presto, and Michael Higgins, international CEO and global head of corporate development at Eden Road. So we saw a lot of institutional flows last year coming into the Bitcoin ETF and generally crypto ETF with the launch as well of option trading on the ETF. All the dynamics have changed a lot. Can you explain the structural changes in terms of client types and products that you have seen from your perspective, Thomas? Sure. Thanks for listening. Great to be here in Hong Kong on the panel. And maybe to answer the question, I start by explaining where we sit in that system. In the ETF space, we're the wholesale market. So usually the issuers comes to us to buy the physical Bitcoin that backs the ETF. Probably to remain structured, we can split it into who joined the market thanks to the ETF. And here we have plenty of public data because if you're the largest holders of the ETF, you actually have to disclose your name. So who holds the most ETF today? Millennium, 0.72. So the largest hedge funds of the planet. And then on the other side, you'll have the prime brokers, Goldman's, Morgan's, who facilitate transactions for their clients as PV. So to answer the first order question, who did it open the market to? The largest capital holder of the planet who were able to deploy in the Bitcoin space. To the second question, what did it change in the ecosystem? Well, first, there is between 40 to 50 billion of capital injected into ETF. So definitely it supported the price action of Bitcoin. So that's the first order. But then the second order was to create a new ETF liquidity pool that today in Bitcoin is about 15 to 20 percent of the total Bitcoin liquidity. So meaningful, meaningful impact. It brought other type of market makers, the ones who were usually ETF specialists, suddenly were able to provide capital and balance sheet to the crypto ecosystem. And so what's visible? If I take numbers, you'll take a basis as a reference because a lot of those funds, what they came to do was to buy the ETF, sell the future, capture the interest rate basis that exists between those two. If you take 2021, you take peak market, peak bull market, you had basis was up to 220 percent annualized return on your position. So amazing returns. This year, 2024, well, we had like a similar trajectory in terms of Bitcoin. The basis was never went ahead of 40 percent. Why? Why? Because this new pocket of capital and those new people, they came to compress the market and injecting their dollars into the system. So with the ETF open, it paved the road for the largest player of the planet. What was the impact? It erased or reduced some of the anomalies that existed in the market. And they provide for a more stable, reliable market in the ecosystem. Thank you. Yongjin, have you seen any changes last year? Yeah, let me add a short comment to Thomas. So, yeah, we definitely saw structure changes after ETF was introduced. We can see that BTC volatility was a lot lower compared to other, you know, the other coins. And then we can see that over market sentiment is more focusing on to U.S. macro numbers now than ever. So I think those two are the good indications that the market is more institutionalized. And then the majority of the market drivers are coming from big institutions, like mostly from U.S. Okay. Michael, because Eden Road is in the middle of all those participants, right? What have you seen on your side? And have you seen a lot of change because of the regulatory impact as well happening at this? You know, what is your perspective? Yeah, sure. We do sit between tens of billions of dollars a day of trading. And so just very briefly introduce Hidden Road. So we're a multi-asset PB and clearing firm that was set up and funded by the buy side. So a sell side business funded with buy side capital. We've done effectively two things in the last six years. First is we've worked on improving the technology behind prime brokers, clearing and margin financing in the traditional space and applying those applications into digital assets. And second is we've taken an innovative approach to bring balance sheet into the market in the traditional space. And again, in digital by tapping into large pools of private credit. So summing up what a PB is, is we're really access providers. We provide access to two things. One is to trade across the entire liquidity landscape and the asset classes and products we support. And second is to have balance sheet for those names to trade across that in a capital and cost efficient way. And so to your question, we do have a unique view from where we sit. And so we've certainly seen a spike in the number of institutional counterparties coming into this space. A number of drivers, the one you've mentioned, though, the positive tone change out of the U.S. led by the new administration under President Trump. But I think it's important to remember that the previous administration really suppressed the market for the past four years. Someone recently described it as having the knee on the back of the neck of the industry. And I think that's right. I mean, folks were frankly terrified to come into this space. So a lot of that reputational risk is now removed. And so you can measure that in two ways. You can measure that by the sheer number of counterparties coming in, as well as reflected in the price action that my colleagues have briefly mentioned. And so while the reputational risk is largely removed, there's still a number of hurdles, I would say. We need certainty from these regulators. We need financial transparency. And then on the market structure side, we need to do a number of things. But the main one is to separate the function of trading from the function of asset holding and collateralization. And by doing that, it'll lead to best practices across both of those disciplines. And so kind of to wrap up, we've seen greater liquidity come into the market. And on the back of that, greater product development. We've seen options. We've seen ADRs coming online. And so with this greater inflows, there's a need for greater accessibility or accountability from the digital assets as a whole. And so to leave on one statistic, when options on IBITS ETF went live, it was November 19th, it traded 73,000 contracts in the first 60 minutes, making it a top 20 non-index product. And so to me, that shows clear demand for mature products to come in. But summing up from a liquidity standpoint, I think we're in a good position. Yeah, crazy, those options on ETF. So Yong-jin, since we're based in Hong Kong and you're a big player in Asia, do you have some perspective between US and Asia in terms of how the liquidity is flowing here in the region versus the rest of the world? Yeah. Yeah. So one notable difference between Asian markets and US markets is that we do see that much more, you know, volume concentration towards, like, small cap coins, like odd coins in Asian markets compared to European hours and US hours. So I think that implies that the Asian markets are still driven by retails, not the institution flows. And I would say another, like, major difference is, you know, in Asian markets, I do see that there's premiums. I think it's partially due to the capital control on some of the Asian countries, like, for example, Korea, Japan, Taiwan also has a premium. So, like, in Korea, like, a lot of people are even, like, relying on that strategy. Like, they call it kimchi premium. You know, so, like, the Bitcoin in Korea is way more expensive sometimes compared to other regions. So those two are the good signs that shows that it's still, like, retail-centric and still quite inefficient relatively compared to the other regions in the market. Yeah. I will add a bit my perspective on that one. I work at Fidelity International and we do the marketing of Fidelity Investment Bitcoin ETF. And what we have seen is that Asian investors are actually going into the US ETF. And when you look at the reporting on the 13F filing, you can see a few of them in there. So I think, you know, that had as well a bit of dynamics between Asia and the US there. So we see a lot of fragmentation, right? Maybe, if I may, on Asia, there's this trading piece and there's also who trades. And I think I'm fully supportive of the view. Without talking about capital control, there's just flow of fund is a challenge in Asia. Currency first. So it's expensive to go from one currency to another, time to move capital. And I think when we look at Asia, we see really three distinct client types and problematics that are being solved. If we go to Japan or Korea, it's essentially a retail market, very closed market. So low connectivity to the rest of the ecosystem, creating those premiums. But it's essentially driven by a retail community. When you get out of here and you come to places like Hong Kong, what's unique about Hong Kong, of course, you have financial institution. But this is also the city that holds the second largest number of ultra net worth individuals, more than $30 million. There's 12,000 of them in Hong Kong alone. Hong Kong comes second to New York. So there is an immense market when you come to Hong Kong of high net worth individuals. And what they are looking for is vastly different type of exposure to the asset class that the retail want. Retail would like a new coin or something they can believe in. The high net worth will be looking at yield. They're trying to ensure longevity and prosperity of their wealth. So this is a big dimension in TradFi, by the way, but also in the crypto space. And then when you get out into other countries of Asia, you still have a bit of the retail dimension. But the probably function of GDP, the spare money allocated by retail to crypto trading drops. So what's the biggest use case that comes is actually solving those cross-border problems. So when you get out of the major cities, Singapore, Hong Kong, and or Korea, Japan, you fall very fast into the cross-border movement of value, an explosion of stable coins, so on and so forth. So, you know, I think what makes Asia so different from the U.S., where there is one currency, high amount of capital control by small amount of people, is the diversification or maybe the fragmentation, which is more commonly used language, that we see in Asia. And I think going forward, Asia will be looking for more solutions for efficiency gains to actually unify all those markets. So you do see a lot of opportunity for B2C2 in Asia? Today, our position is to be as much, to the extent that we can, and that comes to regulation, banking, so many constraints. But our job is actually to bring all those different use cases together. Buy Bitcoin from Japan and sell it to somebody in Hong Kong, and then use the dollars to use a stable coin to help somebody move money to Thailand. That's the type of flow that we try to orchestrate. So would you say that we've seen more fragmentation or better efficiency because of all those products coming? Fragmentation was there before. We've made a lot of progress into bringing the… And it's not just us. You have companies that connect various markets, high-velocity market makers, and then you have primes that help get capital together. It's not… Yes, of course, it's just us. But in reality, we're not alone. Maybe your team's perspective on fragmentation versus liquidity. Yeah. Efficiency. Yeah. It's… Yeah. It's… The Asian markets are quite fragmented. Yeah. And then, yeah, we do see many, like, cross-border and, like, you know, cross-asset opportunities as a trading firm. But it has improved over the last two, three years? It's actually… It's actually getting less and less opportunity because the market is getting more efficient. So more efficient. Yes. Okay, okay. Yes. Yes. I get to my answer. Yeah. More efficient. Yes. Michael. Look, I think the question of fragmentation is really a… it's a market structure question, right? And if the current infrastructure lends itself for efficiencies. And so, I think there's two things to remember. One is that crypto is still very, very early on. The second is that crypto has really started with retail users in mind and you now have institutions coming into the space. So we need to redo a lot of the infrastructure that's out there. And so, looking at the market, it's fragmented across dozens of exchanges. It's fragmented across the products. You have spot, perpetual swaps, calendar futures, options, ETFs. Then you have the regulated markets like the CME. And so, there's fragmentation or inefficiencies on the banking side. But I think the biggest inefficiency has been the capital inefficiency side. All of these exchanges, again, designed for retail are all pre-funded. And so, if you want to see real efficiencies in the market, then what needs to happen is institutions need to be able to scan the market in real time to be able to deal on best price. By the way, they'll end up having a fiduciary responsibility to do that. And so, therefore, the market will attract scaled-up intermediaries. There's four I can think of. Number one is on the connectivity side. Somebody to connect you to consume all that market data and route your orders. There's a couple good solutions. Talos comes to mind. Number two is that you need third-party capital providers or credit providers to inject leverage into the system to allow folks to trade in a capital and cost-efficient way. In the traditional markets, those are referred to as prime brokers, like Hidden Road. The third one is these two gentlemen sitting here, which is scaled-up market makers to really drive down the cost of execution. And then lastly, I would say is really just to kind of have the right regulatory environment overseeing that to make it efficient. And so, I think, you know, as the market matures and participation broadens, it'll increasingly look like the FX market structure probably would better legal and technology standards, more conformed technologies, and more robust operating procedures. But we'll need to follow some of the other asset class that trailblazed ahead of us to really get to those efficiencies. Don't you think we need – because you're talking about capital access and being able to flow the capital quickly. Like, the link between TradFi and DeFi, in that case, coming into, you know, RWA tokens that can play that whole, like, stable coins are – Do you see some opportunity in terms of product innovation there? I – well, I certainly – product innovation, I mean, Thomas alluded to, you know, basis, right? And so, there's already TradFi trading with the native crypto markets, your long spot selling CME front month against that. And so, if you need access, then, you know, how do you get cross-margining inefficiencies? In terms of, you know, innovative products to the market, I mean, Hidden Road has been an early supporter of RWA initiatives, specifically on the tokenized money market side of it. I think it's important to remember why that's important, which is it really looks at the underlying use case of the blockchain technology, right, to be able to tokenize these assets. And so, generally speaking, crypto is a non-carry asset, similar to gold, meaning it doesn't pay interest. And so, when you look at large investment portfolios, gold's a small portion of it. And so, taking a security that pays interest, tokenizing that, and allowing that to be used as good collateral, I think is a step in the right direction. Now, there's different use cases for it. If you're a proprietary trading firm, you take your capital, you post it, you get leverage, and you reuse that capital. But if you're a multi-billion dollar macro hedge fund, then taking a portion of your treasury and holding in these assets might make sense, because that gives you flexibility to meet collateral calls, more efficiency, or trade or express trading opinions outside of market hours or on the weekend. And so, you know, look, I think the theme of consensus is reimagining finance and how commerce is transacted. And I think these products are, there's a place for them, and they neatly fit in line with that approach. Thomas, do you have some perspective on RWA tokens? Contrarian? Yes, I do. Not necessarily what everybody wants to hear. Do I think all assets will be moving on-chain? I'm fairly convinced. As to the path that we're taking, we're trying to fit two worlds. One, there is the ecosystem of crypto, which leaves by, we can move money instantly or almost instantly via stablecoins, via coins, via coins, via coins, which is where you can move collateral really fast from one place to another. And that is fundamental to what we are doing. So anything that's going to come on-chain, we'll have to respect those properties. The second piece is thanks to the velocity of capital or movement of value, we've also been able to do things like we can fund ourselves every four hours on perpetuals that have been designed by the large exchange, fund themselves, not all of them, and some of them is eight, some of them is four. But again, taking what TratFi has done forever, which is sync up on a daily basis to net capital, we're now in four-hour window. So when you take a tokenized wrapper and you put in a TratFi asset, you're still bound by the constraint of the underlying. So I think here it makes it, and I'd love to hear your perspective, it makes a money market on-chain difficult to use for the purpose of the business that we are operating today. So I think the, you know, from where we are today to where we want to go, it's the underlying asset that needs to evolve. Not just a wrapper, tokenizing something or putting something on-chain today is very well done by a lot of people, and it's fairly easy. So what's blocking the adoption? Mainly from the crypto ecosystem, the utility, which is bound by the asset it carries. And then the second piece is regulatory, I'll just say one word here is the digital ecosystem has been channeled into one way, which is regulated by digital asset license. But to trade traditional assets, you actually need licenses that are detained by people who do not trade digital assets. If you want to distribute an equity, you need a securities license, not a digital asset license. So I think those two points, like the evolution of the underlying asset on one side and the regulatory landscape, materially slows down the adoption of real-world assets. Yeah. Yongshin? Yeah. So I think RWA, the actual meaning is to deliver better accessibility in both ways. So in Presto, we actually were selling some of the structured products to some of the family offices, and we see much more demand and interest than before. Like, for example, in Tradify, delivering low tens of yields is surprisingly good if you can achieve a very stable return. But in crypto, in bubble time, if you put your tether in Binance, you can easily get 12% or 30% sometimes. So, like, there is a gap between the expectations and then in terms of inefficiencies, relative inefficiencies in Tradify and crypto. So we're trying to bridge the gap by providing those structured products to the Tradify side. And also, like, tokenization of the securities, I would say there are various ETPs, you know, in the U.S. markets, and they're getting a lot of interest from Asian retail investors. For example, like Tesla, 3X, ETP. That's quite risky, but some people want, I mean, they're willing to take the risk. But, you know, for now, to have that access, they have to go through NASDAQ. But if you can tokenize those opportunities and wrap it up and then redistribute through the digital asset license, as you said, not through the security license, I think that will revolutionize the finance. And then they'll open up a more, much more investment opportunities for retails who doesn't necessarily have U.S. equity access. I'd just say one thing on the regulatory side, right, which is my fear is shoehorning this into existing Tradify regulations because I'm not sure that's the best idea when we have the opportunity to create something new. And so I was thinking about it the other day, and I was kind of thinking, like, it's the early stages of the Internet, right? So we need to take a light-touch, pro-innovative approach to it. And so to Thomas's point, you know, do you need a securities license to move these things? Currently, that's the thinking. But perhaps, you know, that will change as this asset class continues to evolve. Yeah. So we are almost at time. So one last question. You know, what is your wish for crypto to be more efficient in 2025? Fine. Maybe we start on making. Besides Bitcoin being higher. One wish for 2025. I'll kind of stay on the theme of infrastructure and what's important there. And so I think the industry needs to move towards paradigms and standardization. There's been a lot of resistance to that. And the one that sticks out for me is the legal documentation and the legal framework. And maybe it's moving, you know, properly towards ISDA as that will create certainty and finality to trade and settlements. And that will just give comfort for a lot more institutional capital to come into more of the native side of crypto. But I can continue on. But I'm conscious of time. Hilton. So my personal wish is, yeah, other than BTC going to the moon, is that clearer definition on security tokens, I would say. Because I don't see any downside of, you know, security tokens. Because, you know, being security means, you know, like more accountable, more responsible for, yeah, for the longevity. So, yeah. So what is Ethereum security or not? Like no one knows. I mean, because the regulators are still, like, quite ambiguous on this topic. So I wish we could see a clearer picture on what's a clear definition of security. What can we list on the exchange? What can DAX? I mean, who can onboard on the DAX? These kind of issues. Yeah. Thomas? If I stay on the theme, I think this year we're all very optimistic about regulation coming to the U.S., regulation coming to Europe, regulation coming everywhere, which means more participants on one side for sure. And also, it kind of sets crypto assets into eternity. Once we have a regulation, it's actually fully recognized. That's very good. Wonderful. I think the second risk that we're running now, and therefore my wish for the ecosystem, is that the regulatory frameworks that are being put in place, MICA, what the U.S. will put in place, even Asia, hopefully Hong Kong progresses, is that we don't set up a regulatory framework that is too cumbersive, too onerous, too punitive, to the extent that we actually prevent the innovation, prevent leveraging the innovation, the asset class or the products that have been developed on chain provide. So I really hope that what's going to be developed is comprehensive and we carry the industry forward by opposition to constraining it, which wouldn't be a first in finance. Okay, so clear regulation, Bitcoin going up, and room for innovation. I would say that's the key word. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you, Emma. Thank you. Thank you.