 Hey guys, thanks so much for the kind intro. So my name is Robin, CEO and co-founder of WingBits, and we're building what we believe to be the future of flight tracking. So I'm not sure if anyone, most people don't know how flight tracking works, but it's actually very much decentralized in nature already. So you have a $6 trillion aviation industry, and if you go to a flight tracking app like Flightradar, FlightAware, all the data you see is currently being collected by volunteers. So you essentially have an entire industry relying on hobbyists and enthusiasts collecting this data, aggregating it, and then the major networks make hundreds of millions of dollars a year selling this data. And we wanted to change that. So what we saw when we looked at this is that no one has really challenged the space for over a decade. There's a lot of problems with existing models, and we think we can solve all of these. So for the existing flight trackers, there's really no incentive to share data. It's just for fun, and this leads to the models or the networks being super unoptimized because there's literally no incentive to do it better. But since no one has challenged it, and all the networks that came in are literally copying the existing models, they just become really complacent, and they stopped innovating, which means they're now super unprepared to deal with where the industry is going. So with WingBits, we decided to figure out, like, how do we share the success with the community or the data providers and align interest between company and community? So we utilized the Deepin model to be able to do that. And then we're combining that with much better hardware. And I think what's pretty unique about our project is that we can actually create better infrastructure than what is feeding the entire aviation industry today. And when you combine a better incentive model with better hardware, with higher security, you create a much higher quality data network, which really puts us in a position to be able to take majority of market share in a $20 billion industry. So when we benchmark our network versus the competition, pretty much what this slide says is that 60% of all stations in existing networks have less than 100-mile radius coverage per station, whereas in our network, 60% of the stations have more than 150-mile radius, clearly showcasing that when there is a clear incentive to optimize, people go to pretty great lengths to do so. And on the traction side, we started December 2023. It's been working quite nicely. We have about, actually, 2,200 live stations now in around 100 countries. We have 2,500 more being deployed throughout March. That's going to take our total data ingestion to about 20 billion events a day. We add about 15 stations per day, raised a little over $9 million in the last year. And our growth rate is five to six times higher than any other flight tracking network in history. And we've validated the data now with several customers. Actually we had a big announcement yesterday. We're shooting up a satellite with SpaceX in March to validate our flight tracking network from space, together with our first customer, Spire Global, which is a publicly traded aerospace company. And they buy our data. So on the roadmap, we're still in testnet. We're currently working mainly on network growth, hardware distribution. We did announce our space-based validator. It goes up in a few weeks, which is pretty cool. And this is just the start of something much bigger. So keep an eye out for that. We're going to focus heavily on platform enhancements. And by the end of this year, we'll be at global coverage. And then that allows us to execute on about a $14 million customer pipeline. But if you want to check out more of the project, follow us on Twitter. Go to our website. Check out the map if there's a spot open for you. Or if you just want to see the Rockets video, you can follow it. It's going to be live streamed on all our channels. So thank you so much for listening. Appreciate it.