 Oh yes. Hi everybody. Alan Campbell. I'm responsible for the index business at Coindesk. And we are here to announce something pretty special. It's really a milestone in crypto investment. The launch of the WisdomTree physical Coindesk 20 exchange traded product. It's not just another product launch. It's really a moment when we're really going to understand how the majority of the world is going to interact with digital assets. So launching a product like this is not just about the product. It's about the timing. It's about the investor demand. It's about the evolution of this market. This product. A little bit on WisdomTree first of all. If you know ETFs you know them. They're one of the leaders in the world. They have over 100 billion in assets. Last year in Europe they led investor flows into crypto products. And they have over 1.6 billion dollars in assets right now in their products. And what they're doing now is taking that expertise and applying it to this new product which has been underpinned by the Coindesk 20 index. Davila, let's start with the big picture. Most people know about Bit and ETH institutionally. That's really where the market is. Why now is a diversified index product possible? Why is it relevant? Hi Alan. Great to see you here. I'm very happy to have this discussion. So last year in 2024 crypto market matured. Institutional investors stopped playing with Bitcoin as a side investment. And they started asking for broad crypto market access via investment vehicle that fits well into their existing risk management and accounting systems. In addition to institutional investors demanding broad crypto market access via investment vehicle that they understand well. We also had regulatory clarity coming in once Bitcoin and Ethereum exchange traded products were approved in global crypto markets. And in addition to investor demand and regulatory clarity, we had improving market liquidity. Because for investments like this, you need market liquidity, same as you need for equity investments. And the Coindesk 20 index captures approximately 90% of crypto market liquidity. And that's why it's a good basis for crypto basket product. Huh. Now, is this the moment? Is this the kind of product that could be this catalyst where actually passive investing in crypto takes off? People trade crypto for fun. It's a highly traded thing. But actually, as an investment case, do you think this is the time? Yes, it's very much the time. So when you imagine what happened with equity investments, passive investment was a reason for equity investment taking off. And now we are at the same stage with crypto. For the passive basket investment, this is what investors need in order to have certainty about their investment that they are making in the crypto market. Because in this asset class, you have market narratives, regulatory clarity, technological developments leading to some crypto assets taking off or disappearing. And for investor who wants to have long term investment in crypto assets, they need certainty that they will end up holding the winners. And market weighted crypto basket helps them achieve that. Right. Traditional markets look at market cap. Crypto behaves very differently. Utility, adoption, network effects. Like how does that, how do you think about that in the context of this kind of product? Yes. So crypto market, it's not like a traditional market where fundamentals drive. Here we have market narratives. You have technological developments. You have increasing regulatory clarity. And you need to have exposure to a broad set of crypto assets in order to make sure that you are benefiting from the growth that's happening within this market. And CoinDesk 20 helps achieve that. Okay. Staking. Staking is very relevant. It's not like, you know, in the traditional world, people collect dividends from stocks. They collect coupons from bonds. And this, in this product, can you just tell us and help us understand like what makes this product different from a staking perspective? Yes. So staking is not only an item that allows investors to achieve additional return, but staking allows investors to participate in the security and governance of the blockchains that they are investing in. We have enabled staking for this product in order to ensure that investors have a say in the blockchain markets that they are participating in. Okay. So how does this launch actually? What does it tell us about institutions and how they could be thinking about this? What this launch tells us is that crypto market has grown up. There is institutional demand for broad crypto market access. And now we have a product which is physically backed crypto basket product that is listed in major European markets. So this illustrates that crypto market is here for investors long term. Investors who want to hold the securities over time and end up holding the winners of the market. Right. So we think this is less experimental. This is more mainstream investment opportunities for a broader audience. Very much so. So institutional investors have grown up from treating crypto as a side investment within their portfolios. Now crypto assets are strategic allocation within their multi-asset portfolios. And for this they need an investment vehicle that helps them achieve it. And the product that we launched today provides precisely that. It's an exchange traded product that institutional investors are very familiar with. And it gives them broad crypto market access that they have been asking for. So now they are able to access this instrument via trading vehicles that they are very familiar in using. Amazing. You know, this product now is public. It's in the press. You're going to see trips. So hopefully being considered in the same breath as the traditional assets. It will set along to the traditional portfolios. We're very proud to partner with WisdomTree. They're a fantastic partner. And if you want to know more about the index, about the fund, we have a booth over here calling this. Come and chat to us. Thank you, Davila. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.